"Stash's gunpowder green has been a staple tea in our house for almost a year now. We prefer it iced, but it is decent hot. It is much more affordable than most other green teas and the quality is right up there with other good gunpwder greens we have had. Like most green teas, steep at 180 degrees for 3 minutes to get the best results. We go through a 3 pack of this stuff every single month."
"Quick review: Size: Tiny, but you probably wouldn't want much bigger. Flavor: Good, if you like strong coffee. Effect: ZING! Yeah, that's some caffeine there. Value: Passable, though I still prefer the less-strong, larger, cheaper stuff. Final verdict: A good coffee drink, but not one I'd want every day. Very strong. Good for a pick-me-up. I can't complain, except that I might like 8 ounces instead of a mere 6.8 ounces for the price. All in all: Not bad. I'd buy it again."
"My wife loves these biscuits so I thought I would surprise her and buy a Family Pack of 5. They arrived packed in a box with the other items I purchased which included a heavy can of syrup and a can of pectin, neither of which were fully secured inside the box. Although they tasted as good as usual, my wife was very disappointed since so many of the biscuits were broken, probably around 20%. I doubt whether we will buy these on-line again."
"These were purchased to go in goodie bags at my sons 6th birthday party. When the kids arrived the found their seats and started building with them and eating them. The flavor is like smarties, and you can really build with them! I had plenty to go around for 10 kids at the party and they all also were given about a 1/3 cup to take home. I would buy these again and recommend them for any lego loving kid!"
"I have been giving my dog these treats for years, thinking I was giving her something healthy. I took her to my vet because she has been having bladder issues. That's when the vet told me not to give them to her because they were made in China. She said dogs have been getting sick from eating jerky treats made in China. I can't believe I have been poisoning my poor little dog! I will never buy another food product from CHINA!"
"I bought this product based on the glowing reviews it received. The only positive thing I can offer is that my Bernese enjoys the taste. However, every time I have given him one he throws up--which is enough for me to have no choice but to give this a 1 out of 5 stars. This has happened each of the three times I tried to give him one, and the vomiting occurs within 10 minutes of him eating it."
"I love this stuff and add it to all my stir-fries: it's delicious, and not sweet, like the Rooster. But this is ovepriced. The same 8 oz. little plastic jar sells for $2.89 at my corner bodega, and they charge a premium for being open 24 hours. When I make it to a grocery store, the jar is usually $2.29. So the price here is more than double. Two stars deducted for the overprice; five stars for the sauce itself."
"This ""everlasting"" treat ball does not perform as advertised. Within five minutes, our dog had the treat out of the ball and the ball shredded in several places. The packaging states, ""made with virtually indestructible material"" and ""great for powerful chewers"", but neither of these statements were true. The Everlasting Treat Ball is a very disappointing product which will be returned. Do not bother purchasing this product unless you are only looking for an expensive five minutes of fun for your dog."
"Finding a gluten free gravy mix that is easy to use was not that easy, but we have finally found it with this product! I wish I could get it in less than packs of 8 as it lasts forever. We are not vegetarian so I mix it with drippings, broth/stock, and sometimes milk for a creamier texture. Also works with just water, but not as yummy. Super easy - just measure liquids add mix and heat and stir."
"Rishi really markets their tea for political reasons, i. e. it's Kosher, it's picked by ethnic minorities, it's organic and fair trade. In the case of tea, I don't think it's extremely important that it's Kosher, and I believe the marketing attempts to fill in for the mediocre quailty of the tea. The Pu Erh Ginger has way too much ginger to taste the Pu Erh, and I also feel that is a way to mask the quality or lack thereof."
I drink these drinks after a work out and they are great! I went ahead and ordered about ten cans the other day and they arrived on time. The only thing is almost all the cans are about to expire. That is the biggest problem is they send older cans so you can't order a lot at a time. Love the drink but not sure we will order this drink from amazon again because of this.
"Quaker Oatmeal Squares are my son's and my favorite cereal so I was very excited to find it so inexpensive per box on Amazon, but when they arrived, the boxes were so small! Only 16oz! That made me unhappy and I thought they may have cost too much. But then I went to the Wal-Mart and found the boxes there are only 16oz now, but still the same price. So the Amazon price is good, but Quaker is making the product smaller."
"My cat loves this food, but this particular flavor, beef and salmon, is a bit strong when it comes to the smell. I had to wash my hands more than once to get the smell entirely off. Now the problem is that my cat reeks of fish, she smells like a walking tuna sandwich. If you're okay with that, by all means get it, but I'm going to avoid this one in the future because I can't stand her smelling like this all the time."
"The <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007JFMH96"">Quaker Soft Baked Oatmeal Cookie, Chocolate Almond, 8.8-Ounce (Pack of 6)</a> is a tasty, satisfying dessert. It has a mild oatmeal flavor and is packed with almond pieces (most of which are not very crunchy), and soft chocolate pieces. The texture is more crumbly than chewy. It is a pretty big, and I found it quite filling. One was more than enough. Two, and I would have felt bloated. Although the chocolate flavor does not stand out, this cookie delivers."
"In the past, Keebler was the maker of ""Thin Mints"" for the Girl Scouts of America. After Keebler lost the license to make GSCs, they bought Little Brownie Bakers, one of the 2 remaining licensees. So, rest asured, these are a great way to get your fix between fundraisers. Remember, broken cookies and crumbs have no calories, so it's OKay to subscribe-n-save a 6-pack of these every month, right? *Edited 2011-03-01 to correct Keebler licensee status based on comments*"
"According to [...] -- this has color additives and added sugars. Ingredients list: Almonds, Candy Coated Dark Chocolate Soynuts (Dark Chocolate [Sugar, Chocolate, Cocoa Butter], Oil Roasted Soybeans [Soybeans, Soybean Oil], Artificial Color [Includes Caramel Color], Corn Syrup, Gum Arabic, Confectioner's Glaze [Carnauba Wax, Beeswax]), Peanuts, Whole Wheat Pretzels (Whole Wheat Flour, Water, Soybean or Canola or Corn Oils, Malt Syrup [Contains Corn and Barley]), Walnuts, Pecans, Sugar, Peanut and/or Cottonseed Oil, Honey, Corn Syrup, Sea Salt, Xanthan Gum."
"First of all, let me say that my dog likes the taste of this treat - a lot. However, I have a large dog...and evidently an impatient dog. Rather than lick this ""roll-on"" treat, she would rather just bite it and chew it. That's really the only down side. Found out my daughters kitten liked it too. It's weird, like a 1980's deodorant company trying to do something profitable with their out of date product line. I wouldn't buy it, but my pets liked it."
"I bought this product because it was recommended on a blog. However, I could have saved the money. It is hard to believe that such a big package could add almost no flavor. I used the basic recipe that was printed on the package but after tasting it I had to add lots of my own spices to overcome the strong acid tomato taste of the tomato paste. My recommendation: save your money and use the spices you already have."
"Has this rice been dyed? It sure seemed that way - the broth with which I cooked this rice turned black! And the broth was needed (vs water)... the rice actually was far less ""nutty"" or ""mushroom-like flavor"" than Lundberg contends. I also found that the 50 minutes simmering and 10 minutes standing time was insufficient - the rice was still extremely firm... not even ""al dente"". It needed 15-20 minutes more. Conclusion: disappointing and unimpressive."
"I give my 30lb 4-legged friend 3 little freezy bones about 1x/week. He loves them! I'm happy because they're organic and I don't want to feed my little guy anything that I myself wouldn't consider feeding to my hubby ;) Our pup, Mr. Shimmy, absolutely goes crazy when I put these in his special treat bowl! I think it's over-priced for what it is - but what in the world of pets isn't??? If you're looking for a quality product this is the one to purchase."
"These are the best macadamias I've had! The right hardness with a crunchy start and soon after a feeling of them melting away in your mouth :) Great flavor, with no bitterness, excessive oil-ness, etc. And as if that wasn't enough, they're unsalted! That means you're not only getting more healthful nuts, but also getting to taste the real nut (rather than a whole bunch of salt). And the price seems good too (although I haven't really comparison-shopped)."
"I used the same amount of coffee to make a full pot and the Cameron's coffee is very, very weak. My husband wouldn't drink it. I mix it with a stronger blend so that it won't get wasted. Trying the French roast next. Thought the flavor was nice and not bitter but you'd have to use triple or more measures to make a good pot. The pricing is good, hope to find a blend that we like."
"well I bought these for my dorm after getting tired of eating those plain 25cent cup noodles. I was surprised by the ""tastiness"" of these noodles. However, it is because of the extremely high sodium content of these noodles. Be warned, one bowl contains a whole day's worth of sodium. Overall, they arnt bad for a midnight snack, but please dont eat this as a meal. I cant wait to try out some of the other flavors."
"I LOVE this beef jerky! I am the Excutive Director for an organization called The Women's Wilderness Institute, Boulder, Colorado - we now have Wild Ride beef jerky on all our courses! Our participants love the taste, texture...and it the perfect protein snack. I like offering girls and women a low-carb, healthy option. I recommend this to anyone with an active life-style and who likes to have a healthy snack and correct fueling for any outdoor activity."
"I started hearing about coconut water several years ago, but it generally struck me as dirty dish water when I would try to drink it. Then Zico came along. I've been a Zico convert now for about four months, and I can literally feel the difference this product makes in my body chemistry. There are indeed other coconut water products out there that are similar, but Zico hits the sweet spot with price, size, and quality of product."
"My daughter's teacher brought Turkish Delights to school one day because of the movie, ""The Chronicles of Narnia"". She came home asking me to place an order because they were so good and all of the kids loved them. The box of candy arrived within a short time and was well packaged. I liked all of the flavors with the exception of the Rose flavor, however, my eight-year-old liked it. I would definitely place an order for our favorite flavors again."
"I think this stuff is pretty good. I've had a few bags and have noticed that the ""toughness"" varies wildly from bag to bag. The thing is, just about all of the other turkey jerky I've ever had tastes amazingly fake and rubbery. This, while potentially tough, just tastes good. I used to get it at trader joe's, but they've since replaced it with their own store-label line...it's horrible. Just horrible. So now I turn to amazong..."
Nothing beats homemade Christmas Pudding but it is very labor intensive and time consuming to make during the holiday season. The only time needed here is for steaming the pudding for one hour to get it to the right consistency and purchasing (or making) the traditional Brandy Butter sauce on the side. This was indeed a Luxury Pudding and a very traditional English desert. I'd purchase it again but don't wait til the last minute - these start selling out as you get closer to Christmas!
"use to be a regular customer of this product on the subscribe and save program, a little over $17 with free shipping, that was outstanding in my book and encouraged repeat orders to say the least, the product was as shown and delivered in a reasonable time frame, the product rates a 5 star but have to give the price a negative -3(off the charts), for a final rating of 2 star, as the current price is beyond Pluto, if you know what i mean!"
"The crackers taste great. They arrived in terrible condition. The big box held a smaller cardboard box containing bread and the crackers were just shrink wrapped and placed in the box with a few air packs. The filler offered no protection to the crackers. I think the movement caused them to be reduced to the broken state they arrived in.If they were in a box as the bread was maybe they would arrive whole. I would order again, but alone and hope for better packing."
"At other sites (e.g. kmart) the cost of a Hunt's 4-count (chocolate or vanilla) is $1. The cost for six of these 4-counts, then, would be $6. Amazon lists the cost of 6 packs of 4-count at $30! Amazing. They must be made of gold at that price. True, Amazon is the only one that offers butterscotch flavor, which I am looking for. Why does butterscotch cost FIVE times as much. Amazon's price is rip off. Buyer, beware |"
"If you are buying this because you really like vanilla then you may want to skip it because it has a very light vanilla taste, you might not even notice the vanilla after the first sip. This was what I was hoping for personally and did not want the vanilla to overpower the coffee because I like Starbucks coffees. Recommended for people looking for light vanilla taste but not recommended for those wanting a strong vanilla taste."
"The Paris Bistro is my 2nd favorite flavor for Senseo.It's a nice, mild flavor that does well for a late afternoon pickemup. I've enjoyed Senseo in Europe for years on my visits there and waited till finally, it was available here. I get my regular Douwe Egberts coffee at a local European Deli, only one in the Dallas/Ft. Worth metroplex that carries it (Henks). I think Americans expect stronger flavors in their coffee than the Europeans. This is mildly flavored, just the right touch."
"I was very excited to find a snack bar made from brown rice. My 7 year old loves them, my 4 year old, who is not a picky eater, does not. I tried one-- they are a bit dry and the chocolate flavor seems a bit ""off"" to me. These are sold in local grocery outlets and you might want to test-drive a box before investing in a large quantity. If both of my kids liked them, I would definitely purchase again."
"I really enjoyed the grapefruit flavored IZZE. At first it was a little strong, but the flavor efinitely grew on me. I am not one who likes grapefruit, but I normally enjoy grapefruit flavored sodas like Squirt. Unlike Squirt, IZZE tastes like real grapefruit juice, just carbonated. It is not overly sweet and is quite refreshing. It reminds me of the sports drink ""Super Socco"" from the mid-80's. I would definitely endorse this flavor for anyone who enjoys a tart drink."
"In the past I have purchased these cookie bars through Amazon and have had good business. However, Amazon has not kept up with the ingredients changing in these cookie bars. It is very important to me what ingredients are in the foods I purchase. I am not happy with Amazon's business this time. Ingredients change often! Amazon needs to keep up to date with the ingredients if they are going to have them listed on their website."
"I bought this tuna when it was on sale to try on a salad. I was hoping to jazz it up a bit from regular tuna. This is really, really GOOD stuff. You can peel the can open easily, so it's great to take to work or in the car for a snack when traveling. My husband loves them too--we make sandwiches and bruschetta all the time. Great for Panini. Handy and yummy, and worth the price."
"The texture of this food is like cooled pea soup. It's not as stiff as some of the pate style foods and my cat likes it. All but the veggies that is. So she leaves not only the veggies, and there are a lot of them, but also a good bit of the chicken surrounding each veggy. This makes for more waste than I am willing to tolerate so I won't be buying any more Spot's Stew."
"This might have been okay, but I have to ask: why do so many companies that make seasoning blends feel they have to add salt to the herbs??!! One can always add sea salt or regular salt to something. I like to spice up pasta sauce in different ways, most of which already has salt. In order to get the flavor of herbs I wanted from this I would be adding too much additional salt. Next time, fuggedaboudit."
Sent this to my parents last Christmas (entering their 80s) and they absolutely loved the taste and portions. Dove into a portion and froze the rest in the handy clear packs. My Mom spent a lot of time in Virginia as a child and said this brought back memories of her Grandpa's own smoked hams. He sent a LOT of stuff like this up north during the tough times around WW II. This company KNOWS quality. A BEST BUY!!!
"Since getting my Keurig machine I have been experimenting with variety of K-cups. I didn't get this on amazon but caught it on sale at the local market. It's a good basic cup of coffee. While trying to figure out flavor preferences (with things like caramel, blueberry, etc.) it's nice to have a basic that you can rely on. Some of the flavors aren't strong enough and some of the other brands or roasts are way too strong. Nantucket blend is a happy medium."
"This is a nice salt block, but beware that the dimensions are not listed. IT IS SMALL!!! I thought it would be like the nice large blocks you see in Williams Sonoma that are a few feet wide. This one is a little bigger than the actual photo (it's small!!!). Kind of feel ripped off since I was expecting a thinnger flatter blick like the one in the photo, not a small super super super thick block like I got."
"What more needs be said?? I purchased this cautiously because I was tentative about it being TOO salty but then I thought about the corporation that makes it, Maruchan® and bought it since Maruchan® completely ROCKs when it comes to udon meals. Oh my gracious sakes alive is it good. It helps to immerse the vegetables in the water - but that's MY fault. Yay! I'm not sure YOUR taste but I LOVE my boxes of Maruchan®!!"
"Popchips Original Potato Chips are dee-lish. But BEWARE of the SOY in them if you have a soy sensitivity, like I do. I ate quite a few and had a bad reaction before reading the label and realizing that soy was an ingredient. I just never imagined soy would be in a potato chip! I learned my lesson! My kids love the chips and, I agree, they are YUMMY! I'm sad that I can't have them! :-("
"At 9.1% ABV, this is one of the heaviest Oktoberfest beers available. It has a nice copper hue, a noticable hoppiness, and a lingering head. It's a decent beer. However, in my humble opinion, it's a little bit heavy for an autumnal lager. Not bad though... This lager is listed as an Avery ""Dictator Series"" beer -- I've taken the marketing bait; I'm going to be on the lookout for the other gimmick beers in this series."
"I love Snickers and when I say love I mean it, lol. I was about to place an order until I noticed that the product has gone up in price. That just sucks. So I guess I won't buy them from here anymore. I'll just get them locally for less money. I'm getting tired of paying more for less. It's only candy people--so it's not like we can't find it nearby. I like convenience but not enough to pay out twelve additional dollars for it."
"I've tried smokehouse, jalapeno smokehouse, honey roast, lime and chili, and natural. But these are really the best of the lot I've tried. They have the nice fresh-tasting almonds you expect from Blue Diamond, and you can actually taste the wasabi (unlike the jalapeno smokehouse, where the jalapeno part is really elusive). I was reluctant at first to try this. Didn't think I'd like it. I was wrong. Terrific snack almonds (if you don't mind saltiness). Love em. Mir"
I like peanut butter and the crunchy is the best style that I have found. (My wife likes the creamy version) you can't ask for anything better for a quick meal than peanut butter and crackers or a PBJ sandwich. What I like about peanut butter is that you get 7 grams of protein and 2 grams of fiber but only 3 grams of sugar. Easy and fast to get a snack and tastes great! Jiff if a great choice!
"My cat loves this food, but this particular flavor, beef and salmon, is a bit strong when it comes to the smell. I had to wash my hands more than once to get the smell entirely off. Now the problem is that my cat reeks of fish, she smells like a walking tuna sandwich. If you're okay with that, by all means get it, but I'm going to avoid this one in the future because I can't stand her smelling like this all the time."
"The 2 cases of cookies I received through Amazon were terrible, apparently a bad batch according to Pamela's. I have purchased the exact cookies in the store and they were great!! I called Pamela's and found out that there was a bad day at the bakery and that they would send me new cookies. Weeks have gone by and no cookies. I will call them again but its a pain in the butt just to get cookies."
"I found these in Salt & Pepper flavor in huge 20 oz. bags for $2.80 at BigLots recently. They are very tasty and they have no artificial aftertaste whatsoever. We were in the middle of one bag when we pulled out chips that seemed wet. Turns out it was just the oil on the chips. They are mighty flavorful and crunchy, but, yes, they can be greasy. Definitely a guilty pleasure to be eaten in moderation!"
"I've eaten a few of these, and while they tasted interesting at first, I can't bite into one now without gagging. I'm not a vegetarian, but I was looking for some high-protein snacks so I picked these up. A vegetarian friend of mine tried one and instantly hated them, calling the taste ""disgusting"" and the texture ""too much like meat."" The taste is not something that grows on you and I can not recommend these to anyone, especially at this price."
"PLEASE AMZ, follow the law and DEMAND that vendors and Mfg's supply a complete ingredients list - - AS IS THE LAW. I will continue to give one star to all vendors & Mfg's I encounter with no ingredients lists. I need to know if something is safe for me and I don't want to have to buy it or do internet searches and phone calls to do so. PLEASE. This is basic customer service - - and the LAW!"
"Really couldn't stand the taste of this, very bitter and didn't taste sweet at all. I usually drink Starbucks Mocha Frappuchino in the morning, so I am used to the taste of something sweet and creamy and perhaps am spoiled, this just tasted strong and bitter and blech after having that every day. If you are a black coffee type person and don't do sweeteners, than this is definitly for you though. It definitly gives you a jolt! Just tastes like crap to me! Blech!"
"Thank goodness these are available--they're the perfect snacks for low-carbers! Recently discovered they're also good for bariatric surgery patients--a post-surgical friend who travels for work picked up a package of mine, read the nutritional info, and said it would fit into her plan. It's difficult to find high-protein snacks that are easily portable for a briefcase or carry-on bag in case of getting stuck on a delayed flight with nothing available that she could eat (which has happened more than she would like!)"
"These gummy bears are indeed original Haribo candy but it is made in and shipped from Turkey (yes, Turkey). I am not sure how long it takes to get to the US but the candy is unusually hard and stale. You may want to stick to the ones you buy at a local supermarket. I have had much better luck (albeit 30 or 40% more expensive) with the same product from a local Walmart. Your mileage may vary of course."
I recently purchased a bread machine and I tried this potato bread mix. I have made it three times now and it has come out amazing each and every time. The other great thing about this particular mix is that I have experimented with altering the amount of Butter ( in the last batch I actually doubled the butter amount but then added less water) and it came out buttery and yuuuummmmmmyyyy!! I encourage everyone who has a bread machine to try this particular mix.
"I LOVE THIS TEA, ITS HARD TO FIND GOOD DECAF GREEN TEA AND THIS IS THE BEST, VERY GOOD PRICE. I LIKE TO USE AS HOT TEA AND COLD TEA BY SIMMERING 4 TEA BAGS IN A POT OF WATER, ADD A LITTLE BIT OF HONEY, REMOVE FROM STOVE TOP AND LET SIT FOR A FEW HOURS THEN POUR IN PICTURE IN REFREGIRATOR AND YOU GOT NICE HEALTHY TEA ! MY SON EVEN WILL DRINK IT !"
"This is a very flavorful, fruity tea. It's good hot or cold, and really needs no sweetening. I often add some hibiscus when I brew it, which makes a delicious combination. Compared to similar teas you can find in most supermarkets (Celestial Seasonings, Bigelow, etc.), this tea is a great value. You can actually identify this tea's various components, where the supermarket teas are often ""tea dust."" Give it a try. It's a very tasty tea."
"After reading rave reviews about Cosmic Catnip I decided to give it a try. My cat loves Petsmart(store)brand catnip but I couldn't get to Petsmart so I decided to give this a go. She didn't respond in the slightest to it. When I sprinkled a little on the carpet she sniffed and walked away:( I'm sure this might be a very good brand,afterall many other's have said how much their kittys enjoy it,but it wasn't the right one for ""HRH"" Maiza."
"I am hooked on Rishi Tea's Earl Grey. After browsing the teaviews site for good Earl Grey Teas, I picked up a canister of Rishi at a local grocery store. But after the first cup, I fell in love! My coworker asks for a cup even when she's not a big fan of Earl Grey. The velvety smoothness of each cup makes me want another. Thus, the 3-pack is a great deal. I can't imagine my mornings with my Rishi Earl Grey."
"I gave the bigger version of these to my dog Murphy, and he seemed to love them. These arrive from Amazon pretty fast as usual, and I soon unleashed a few on the big guy. Chomp Chomp Chomp... he was chewing away... I read some other reviews where their dogs had issues with these bones. I checked on my dog a few hours later, and he was fine. Its hit or miss with these. I own a english lab btw."
"Having spent time in Morocco, I had the chance to sample authentic Turkish Delights. Pros: - Very similar to the real thing - Most types were delicious (I can't say I was a fan of the rose ones) - Not too sugary - Fresh tasting, obviously weren't sitting around in a warehouse Cons: - The rose ones were a bit chalky - So good I ate too many at a time and gave myself a stomach ache!"
"This product's ingredient profile on the Earth's Best website does not list ""Syrup Solids""; however, buyers should be aware that the formula has recently changed to now include this ingredient. Their website has not yet been updated to reflect this (as of 7/18/2010). I spoke with their consumer relations department and asked them to update their website since the misinformation is misleading to consumers. The change in ingredient profile to include syrup solids is disappointing. I am now researching other formulas."
"Stuck with it. Gonna have to order something else cus I can't take drinking it anymore. There's a tag stuck on the bag with the numbers ""30911"". If it's meant to be a date of some significance then that's clearly a problem because March 9, 2011 was almost 9 months ago. FWIW this is the second 5 lb. bag of Coffee Bean Direct that I have received from Amazon. The first one was one of the Sumatrans and it was fresh... tasted great"
"So I love the strawberry Honey Bunches of Oats. I'm not a big cereal eater but I love that one. I discovered the peach one last year and love that one too. So I thought I'd try this one because hey, I love pecans. Nope. This one has a cinnamon flavor to it and I don't like cinnamon. Most people seem to so you may, but just know that this one has a different flavor to the cereal."
"I love Gerber organic products like this which combine veggies and/or fruits. I bought one of the ""Farmers Market"" from the regular grocery store to make sure my 8 month old liked it, which he did. I bought a case from Amazon, but the consistency was like soup, very runny unlike the one I bought from the store. Heating it up made it worse. Maybe it was a fluke, but the second case from Amazon ordered a few months later had the same problem."
Back to Nature Golden Honey Oat Graham Crackers are a good alternative if you are looking for a more natural snack. I prefer these with more honey or some peanut butter as they are a bit dry on their own. I don't really taste the cinnamon in these crackers. If it is there at all it is not detectable. While it is good that they are not using high fructose corn syrup these do contain evaporated cane juice and brown rice syrup. ~The Rebecca Review
"These are delicious. They are very light and can almost melt in your mouth. White cheddar is used so your fingers don't turn orange. The bad part is that you can easily eat the entire bag and they are NOT low calorie. I would have given this 5 stars but I experienced the same thing as some of the other reviewers. Several packages of the Pirate's Booty had popped open and were stale. Because of this problem, I haven't reordered."
This sauce looks like an orange tinted thousands islands salad dressing and tastes similar as well. There is a hint of horseradish that smells stronger than it tastes. The sauce is more tangy than hot. It is fairly thick and after refrigerating the last quarter of the sauce doesn't flow out very easily even when the bottle is shaken. The bottle will give you maybe 6 servings. If you like orange colored food and the taste of thousand island dressing you will like this sauce.
"I like this product, but it's probably not for everybody. One has to get used to the earthy, overpowering taste. That being said, it contains plenty of fiber, is relatively high in protein and easy to use. Being an organic raw food helps too. I mix it in with my cereal or blend it into a smoothie. It's much healthier than the protein shakes, which are usually full of sugar or contain artificial sweeteners, and I use it on a daily basis."
"I was so excited to find my old favorite tea on amazon. I have been looking for it in supermarkets for months, but thought it had been discontinued. However I wish I had listened to the earlier review. This is not the same formula as it was, the peppermint overpowers all the other flavors in this tea. It used to have a citrusy flavor, tangy and lovely, now all you can smell or taste is peppermint and I don't like peppermint tea."
"This thing is huge. At full height it won't fit on the counter under the kitchen cabinets. So definitely think about where you'll put this before you buy it. Also, the output wasn't what I expected. I've grown the herb kit and the tomato kit. It's easier to grow tomatoes outside than in this thing. I got a lot of dill from the herb kit, not much else. I don't even use dill that much. I'll definitely stick with an outdoor garden next year."
"When I first ate one I thought Wow... that is lemony and not sure if I liked it but by the end of ""just trying one more"" I was addicted. I have to hide them from my non-gluten free husband. He likes them better than the vanilla or lemon ones I used to buy for him in the grocery store that are not gluten free. I am trying to get a local store to carry them."
"Ok...for all you out there like me that like coffee or even love coffee but hate the bitterness and acidity of it, THIS is a great coffee! I love drinking my coffee black, no cream, no sugar, and enjoy the actual taste of the beans. I was worried about the flavor since it's French Roast, I thought it might be strong and therefore still a little bitter...no worries, it's wonderful. Still full-bodied, smooth, and easy on the stomach :) Highly Recommended"
"The crackers themselves I can't complain about. They're not as salty as many, quite flavorful and crisp. My main complaint is I order them on May 14th and they arrived with a June 16 expiration date! Being as I'm the only one that eats them, I'm keeping my fingers crossed the air tight storage units I put them in, keeps them for a while longer in good condition. That's the main reason I've rated them as a 3."
"I'll certainly be a repeat customer. I had a tough time finding large salt crystals to refill a grinder, but this fit the bill nicely. Flavor is clean with slight minerality. The color is not a deep as some other himalayan pink I've seen, but it's a very good finishing salt, and a good conversation piece when put on the table in a clear grinder. Also, the seller included a coupon for a future purchase in the package, which was a nice bonus."
"My husband bought this donut mix for me to try with our mini donut maker. We had been using recipes for our donut batter and thought we'd try something different. Unfortunately, the donuts we made with this mix were disgusting. The texture was okay, but the taste was artificial and left a bad aftertaste. The chocolate was fake and chemically, the frosting being even worse than the donut itself. We'll stick to making our own batter and using real ingredients."
"I'm so happy to have found a high quality wet food for my miniature dachshund. Our family really believes that high quality food is important for a long and healthy life; we try to avoid all fillers and by-products. Our dog loves this formula, which we use one spoon of along with his dry food at each meal. For his size and diet I find that the small cans are more convenient since they last him so long."
"When I first bought the antler the picture was shown with a box of antlers, therefore I mistakenly thought I would get at least a few but received only one. That's my fault for not reading the description more carefully. The antler I got was just under 6 inches. For a ""large"" I thought it would be at least 8? So for $17 I'm feeling a little jipped. The only redeeming part is that my dog does love to chew on this."
"I read many reviews saying people received defective units where the blade wouldn't spin, but chose to ignore them. Sure enough my unit had the same problem out of the box. I tried calling Baby Brezza and all I got was an answering machine, my message was never returned. Thankfully, I found a review posted on December 29, 2011 by D. Mc. which provided a DIY fix to the problem....too bad Baby Brezza cost me a lot of time and aggravation."
"Halfway through my first jar and even though this is only the 2nd brand of ghee I've ever used, I do much prefer it to the last one which had a strange flavor. Grass-fed is the way to go (the new buzz word for healthy,) and I am willing to pay extra for what I believe to be high quality, I just wished they offered their larger sizes via Amazon as well since that would be a better value."
"I use this cacao powder in my coffee in the mornings. I have to be careful not to use too much or it won't dissolve, but otherwise it works and tastes great. I have also used it in place of regular cocoa for baking brownies and they turned out very rich and chocolatey. This is definitely not the same as Hershey's cocoa powder- not for the faint of heart. Also very rich in nutrients like iron and magnesium, which is why I switched."
"I have been trying to find a good brand of jerky that I don't have to order online. I finally tried Jack Link's original. Way too sweet, doesn't taste like meat, and most of the pieces don't have the texture of meat. At times, I thought I was eating plastic. Or some soy meat-substitute. I couldn't even make it through the whole bag. I miss the original Pemmican..., before ConAgra sold the brand and it got ruined..."
"Of all the K-Cup flavors that are out there, and there are many very good ones, this is one of my least favorites, and I have tried almost all of them. Not much flavor to this one, even if you add various types of creamers. Of course, it is all a matter of taste, but this one doesn't taste all that good. It is not bad - it is just kind of there - like a generic coffee. Try something else instead."
"These Haribo Pink Grapefruit candies are yummy! They smell exactly like a real pink grapefruit and the taste is divine. Unlike Haribo's traditional gummies, these are coated with fine granulated sugar which does make them a little sweeter, but they're a nice change. I also like the Haribo Peaches which are made like these. What better way to get your daily servings of fruit? Seriously, we all know that moderation is key with most everything; definitely so with these."
"I am so happy to have found this gum that I so fondly remember from my past. This is the gum that was 2 cents at some drug stores, maybe 5 cents at others. I love the flavor although it doesn't last more than a few minutes. It will bring you back to those good old days where Grandma gave you a nickel and you had to choose wisely. This green apple gum was almost always the way I spent my nickel...and worth every penny!"
"I don't normally drink strong coffee, so this variety was good for me. Good flavor, but not too strong or bitter. The only down side is that several k-cups (probably 6 or 7 out of the first 2/3 of the box) failed and left an excessive amount of grounds in the brewed coffee. If not for that, it would be 4 stars. At the price I paid ($27.75) it is a pretty good value as well."
"I absolutely loved Newman's Own pretzels with the pepper baked right into the pretzel for just a little bite. These are not as tasty and yes, they are messy and overly seasoned. Not really a fan of this line of flavored broken pretzel pieces, although this was a little better than some of their other flavors. Someone out there needs to try making the baked-in black pepper version again, please. Not sure why Newman's Own stopped."
I have 4 cats and they are usually eat anything. I thought it would be a good idea to get them a treat and clean their teeth at the same time. I got the fish flavor and none of them would touch it. Then I tried to break it into small pieces and 2 cats out of 4 would eat it now. I called the C.E.T company and they said they have 100% satisfy guarantee. So that was nice.
"I was looking for alternative healthy protein snack with less fat than slim jims. Texas BBQ sounded like an awesome flavor---so I bought them. For those of you who have never tried them....pick up a rubber band, baste it in bbq sauce and then eat. That is what this soy protein jerky taste like...a bbq flavored rubber band. The only way I will ever eat these again is if the world no longer has any other protein choice available."
"Whoever thought to ship 5 pounds of sugar crystals in a 2 piece cardboard box, held together by only a rubber band should be forced to travel to everyones home to sweep up the sugar crystals as they hit the floor when the outer shipping carton is opened. I got about 2 useful pounds of sugar out of a 5 pound shipment. The sugar however is excellent, but I would certainly never order this type of package again."
"i love iced tea but i was never into hot tea. upon getting a sample tea bag of this particular flavor from a friend - i fell in love. shortly after i bought my own box. this stuff is DIVINE. its great on its own but if you add a little sweetner (i used Splenda) and some milk, the vanilla and caramel flavors are intensified which makes it all the more YUMMY. i am seriously addicted to this stuff."
"Item received timely and in excellent condition. I've been considering a plant based diet for some time and I'm slowly working my way in to it. I ordered the Madhava Honey Nectar, Agave Amber, because it was called for in a few recipes I have. I used it when I made muffins and the results were outstanding. I'm not one for anything super sweet and this Agave Nectar added just the right touch of sweetness."
"Yes they have 520 cal per pouch and yes there are 160 cal from fat, 40g of carbs and 1220mg of sodium all things that should be consumed in moderation. However, for me it is a quick easy meal and covers one meal a day. I actually prefer the picante ones better but these are a good change-up. Deployed it is nice to have something tasty I can eat in just a few minutes and the calories and fat can be burnt off in no time"
"I love stevia, I have experimented with the liquid, glycerin, the one oz powder size and this is by far the best for your money. Just be careful adding it to something cold, you might want to mix it with warm-to-hot water first to get it in liquid form before adding it. Also, I make approx 2 liters of tea at a time and only need to add one-half teaspoon stevia powder! I am very thankful for this 16 oz size!"
"Any steel cut oats are better than than instant or rolled oats, but among steel cut oats, McCann's are not the best. I enjoyed McCann's until I saw their prices increasing, which encouraged me to try other options. Bob's Red Mill steel cut oats are just as satisfying, filling, and beneficial, but with a MUCH lower price. In addition, Bob's won the world porridge competition last year. So perhaps you will agree that they also have a better taste!"
I'm not the one who eats these so I can't give the best review but my son gobbles them up so I'll take that as a 5 star rating from him and I give it 5 stars since I know it's organic and I don't have to worry about what he's eating. Now if I were to review his vegetables I might have to deduct a star for him but that's just because he doesn't seem to care for peas much.
"This is your no-frills classic powdered green tea. This green tea is like a pearl necklace on Audrey Hepburn or Marilyn Monroe. It's both classy and sexy and icons of a more romantic era. While it's not the most superb matcha or the most interesting, you simply can't go wrong with Royal Matcha. It's a comforting and energizing drink for the morning, and if you're immune to caffeine, this makes a great latte for dessert after dinner. Like I said, you can't go wrong with this."
"Our dog chewed through ate the vanilla infused rope. Ropes do not show on x-rays and ultra sound. The dog was vomiting up to 15 times a day. Day 3 - our dog could not walk any more. Luckily our vet convinced us to do exploratory surgery and found the rope knot in our dog's intestines. It is a very hard knot that will tear the intestines. If not for this surgery, our dog would had died from the obstruction."
"They keep saying ""naturally sweetened with honey"", but it is like sweetener overkill with sucralose. Way too sweet, overwhelms any berry flavor that is there, and no green tea flavor is discernable. Diluting it makes the oversweetened taste become obvious as the berry flavor recedes in the distance, with still too much sweetener. (Though if you like things extra sweet, you may enjoy this). Too bad. Try the True Lemon family of unsweetened dehydrated citrus juice packets instead."
"I made the mistake of buying a 50 pack of these k cups when they were on sale. The first few were decent, but the more I drank them, the more I started to dislike the flavor. At this point, I'm pretty much forcing myself to get through them since I don't want to waste them. The best way I can describe the flavor is a mixture of watered down coffee and old, stale butterscotch candy. Ugh."
These are some of the best chips that I have ever had... They sure beat anything else out there and are even cooked in a way that is better for you than most other name brands. They are tangy and crisp and satisfy any craving at the time! These will be the only chips that I buy from now on and I thank amazon for letting me buy them online in bulk and save some money at the same time!
"I don't know why i didn;'t recive the product and you send me e-mail where you tell me i return back the product but i never see the product and you also charg me, i want to know why and i want this product becaouse anyway i pay for it and i needt it. I hope to get a answer from you because other way i will have some compplains about this situation and....in another place Gabiel"
"Granola bars used to be considered ""Health Food"", and didn't taste all that great. The new generation of granola bars falls into the newer category of ""Better For You"" snacks, may not be quite as good for you as the old ones, but they actually taste like human food, so that is a plus. These ""Nature Valley Oats 'N Honey"" are particularly addictive, just the right amount of sweetness, and enough whole grain fiber to take some of the guilt out of the equation."
"1st: my cats really don't eat this brand with much relish like they did when Wellness had the mylar bags. We really miss those bags, the food just seemed to taste better to my cats. Canned, they won't touch any flavor but turkey. 2nd: I've had 3 out of 12 in a case smell off and even the dogs won't touch it. So just check yours JIK. What has happened to this brand? They were the BEST 2 years ago!"
"If you like a lighter coffee blend, then this one is a good choice. It is a breakfast blend, so the flavor will not compete with your food. The blend is smooth, not acidic and doesn't have an aftertaste. It goes well with cream/sugar. Equal to <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002APWQ0K"">Timothy's World Coffee, Kona Blend Medium K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50)</a> or <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VXHGE6"">Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Breakfast in Bed (Medium Roast), 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>."
"This is a really good alternative to unhealthy chips and french fries. I really like the subtle sour cream and onion flavor. It's very crunchy, and can be kind of dry, but it's good by itself or with a hotdog or hamburger. Some people that I made try it didn't like the texture, but personally I loved it! Be careful though! It's a LOT of bags! it's a pretty big box! I was shocked! It will last me a long time! Happy munching!"
"Weird, everyone seem to like it. I just had to come here to read what people thought of Tru Blood, after pouring the remaining half of my bottle down the drain... I personally couldn't finish it, found it almost undrinkable in fact. Sickly sweet with barely a trace of ""Blood Orange"", it tastes completely artificial and I can't honestly recommend it, even to fans. Happily I picked mine up from a bargain bin! I'll stick to watching the show in future..."
"This is one of the best foods out there. My cats love it and no longer throw up every day. But....I've been buying it from Amazon for over a year now and for the past 3 months, the price has gone up a little more every month. It went from $32.99 to what it is now, $36.92! This isn't sold in any stores near me, so I'm stuck buying it online. Why the constant price increase, Amazon?"
"I found the 8.5 ounce illy issimo Coffee Drink, Cappucino to have good flavor, but it seemed just a little on the ""weak"" side for a drink intended for iced coffee. After a very short time the drink melted the ice to the point that it tasted truly watered down. Here""s the good news! This stuff has a great espresso flavor. Having it to do over, I think I will chill the cans ice cold and drink it without ice. These are not overly sweet."
"I prepared them like I had them prepared for me when I was at a Buddhist monastery, cleaned, sliced thinly and salted and peppered and they were great at the monastery but these had a funky stronger odor and a slightly moldy flavor, though I couldn't see any mold on the product. I've frozen the ones I didn't use and will thaw later to see if that helps with the flavor. It's not worth returning but I wouldn't recommend them."
"I love Zevia Sodas, but the Ginger Ale is far from my favorite of their flavors. I usually love Ginger Ale, but this doesn't taste much like it, and a look at the ingredients explains why. It contains ""Lime Oil"". While I don't have any problems with that as such, I do notice the lime flavor in this soda much stronger than I can the ginger. It's not bad tasting, just not as gingery as others."
"...but I guess a little more like a tortilla chip. I found these tasty and satisying, not quite as salty as the grocery store type tortilla and corn chips (a plus for me). I didn't taste anything that hinted of olives, though. Devotees of all-natural foods might be attracted by the lack of GMO ingredients, artificial colors/flavors, preservatives, etc. - that's not a selling point for me, though. At my age I need all the preservatives I can get!"
"I have eaten alot of tomato paste - but this is really the best! I don't ever want to eat any other kind again as long as I live! This is just too good! Why get the gmo stuff when you can get real organic? I'm tired of genetically modified food that is probably killing us all!! When will somebody do something about it? Until someone does, the best way we can fight back is to buy organic."
"After trying The Spice Lab's Danish smoked salt, I was a little hesitant to try something else by them. However, this salt really does have a good and fairly strong smoke taste to it. One of the other reviewers said that it tastes a little bacony which is what tempted me into trying it. I would say that review is accurate. Of course it doesn't taste just like bacon, but it certainly does have a baconesque flavor to it."
"After Planters released this peanut butter, I wanted to try it. As a fan of Jif peanut butter for years I was eager to try this. Peanut butter doesn't last long in our house. Planters peanut butter delivers taste and consistency. The smooth and creamy spread is full of roasted peanut taste. It is not too sweet and not too salty, just right. As a cheap source of protein and a go to lunch staple, Planters will be in our pantry from now on."
"Pure Almond is good and has a natural pleasant sweetness from the vanilla. It works really well if you are eating a blander cereal. For a cereal with fruit or honey (or anything else) it may seem too sweet depending on your personal prefrences. Either the original or the vanilla (I'm trying both) I plan to keep using them. Pure Almond is a welcome edition to a well balanced diet. <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004LL5DC4"">Silk Pure Almond Vanilla, 32-Ounce (Pack of 6)</a>"
"Some time ago I overhauled my dogs' diet after learning that the so-called ""premium"" brand I had been feeding them had by-products and other undesirable ingredients. One of my dogs is a little fussy and it was hard to find something else he liked. We finally settled on this brand. I like that you can actually see some of the vegetables and fruits that are mixed in, there are no by-products and it's less expensive than some of the other natural and organic brands."
"The product is fine, but the price is ridiculous. The description did not list how many are in a pack, but there are only 3, which means you are paying more than $3 per twist. That is insanely expensive. I can get a 6-pack of the 5 inch twists are Walgreens for $2. These are gigantic, and my dogs spent a couple hours entranced with them (the older dog actually gave up and left his for the younger dog)."
"I used this for a month, but not sure that it really helps me. When my baby started to burp up milk, I stopped using it to eliminate the cause. I have not gone back to using the fenugreek because I now have more milk than when I was taking the fenugreek. Hence, I am not sure whether this helps or not, but I would not discourage people from using it since many of my friends have used it with successful."
"Uncle Lee's Green Tea is about on par with Tazo Green Tea. They are the two best green teas I've had. I agree with the other reviewer that it isn't bitter or stale like many green teas. I gave some to my mother and it has quickly become her favorite. Now she knows that there are differences in teas. She won't go back to Lipton and other big names. Tazo green tea might just edge it out, but Uncle Lee's is considerably less expensive."
"I was excited to try this jerkey and ripped the box open as soon as it arrived. Sadly, the flavor is just so-so. More critically, the meat is extremely tough. Not tough the way jerky should be, but tough the way a hamburger that gets left on the BBQ for a couple hours is. Very disappointed I couldn't return this because of Amazon policy. I hardly ever return anything, but this wasn't even worth the free shipping"
"I had really enjoyed a sample I'd received, so I think it's possible that the product I ultimately ordered from Amazon should have been better. If quality control is so inconsistent, I guess I wouldn't take a chance again. I guess either something went wrong in the recipe, or in the filling of the tea bags at the factory, or maybe it was stored too long in the wrong conditions, because the product was really weak. Too bad."
"Slim Jims may taste ok but that's because they are so greasy. That's what helps the flavor. I can't figure out why anyone would like these as I can't seem to chew them to a point where I feel comfortable to swallow. It's like eating a really really tough piece of gristle meat. The amount of fat, cholesterol etc is also higher than beef jerky. I'd rather eat beef jerky than this stuff. At least I can chew the beef jerky."
"I only gave this product three stars mainly because of the odd aftertaste that it has. That strange chemical/soaplike bitter taste is not there in the canned version, so I assume that the flavour has either to do with the microwaving. Otherwise, I find this think this product is convenient, especially as a take to work lunch and the portion size is just right. Get rid of the chemical aftertaste and Healthy Choice will have a winner."
"i have a 3yr. old chorkie with a very fussy appetite. i've used wellness, and so many well-known brands that i have used in the past on my past pets. but atlast, she loves blue buffalo. i have also purchased blue buffalo for my cat. he loves it also. it's all natural, no grain products, and protein is at the beginning of the list. no corn oil, etc. the price is comparable to all the other name brands."
"This coffee is made with 100% Arabica beans with a nice hazelnut flavoring. I really liked the amount of flavoring in the coffee, it was enough that I could taste it but not enough that I was overwhelmed. I added Coffeemate's Coconut Creamer and the flavors work well together. It's makes a light to medium roast cup of coffee. Not for the Starbucks coffee drinker, they would find this coffee too weak. But the occasional coffee drinker would love it. I would recommend."
"As a French Roast fan, I bought this brand of K-cup with high expectations, considering the name attached to it. I was disappointed. It has a hearty aroma and full-bodied flavor but leaves a bitter aftertaste. If you're a lover of the more robust roasts, I would recommend trying the <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002L41Y8A"">Coffee People Kona Blend Island Style, Extra Bold K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50)</a> instead. It is a smooth blend with none of the bitterness that delivers that kick you're likely looking for."
"It's hard to find quality gf products, and pamela's doesn't dissapoint. I always recommend this. I go through a lot of this blend with a family of five. Amazon helps keep it more affordable. The pancakes are great and the waffles are really good. I haven't tried it with much else yet, but my sister-in-law does chocolate scones frequently with great raves. I use the bread mix also all the time, and am very pleased with both."
"I have bought greenies for my dog for 7 years (since she was a puppy). She has always had digestive problems, but we didn't know why. While googling greenies a couple of weeks ago, I found that several dogs have died because they were not able to digest greenies. Please do some research before buying this product again. It could save your dog's life. Since switching to another dog treat, my dog has not had any problems (although it has only been two weeks)."
"I'm a Manhatten and old fashioned freak; best cocktails on the planet if made right. And Fee's Whiskey Barrel Aged Bitters are just about the best tasting bitters that I've, well, ever tasted...period. Use Maker's Mark or a high-end rye whiskey with Fee's (and a really good vermouth)and you'll have yourself a supremely tasty drink, my friends. My best advice is to drink alone --like all true Vikings do--and you won't have to share with anyone else. Nothing worse than lipstick on a glass anyway..."
"How dissappointing. I have fond memories of the Taffy cookies from my late grandmother and her always full cookie jars. Imagine my dissappointment when I discovered these ""New"" Taffy cookies are not the same. They have too much coconut in the recipe. The old Taffy cookies were darker brown in color and had a completely different flavor. I wouldn't say these new cookies are terrible, but if you are labeling them as ""TAFFY"" cookies, they are definitely not a resurrection of the late greats :("
I received the pack of three and I just went through the first bag. When I opened a new bag for my dog I noticed it was covered with white and green mold. I checked the expiration date and it is marked 10.07.2013 (a year left before it expires). I'm not sure why the jerky went bad even though it was sealed prior to opening and a year left before expiration. Make sure you check each bag when you receive your order.
"Another vote for YUM! Scent, presentation, portion, flavor, yum yum yum. So addictive, in fact, that I'm online trying to see if I can get more/comparable salmon for less! For what this is, I'm sure it's a great deal... and I'm sure I'll be back. BUT I NEED MORE SALMON. In other news, Wild Planet is fantastic. I've been purchasing their tuna regularly and got hooked on their shrimps. These people put out a spectacular product. Hope they stick around!"
"I've been using this dog food for nearly a year. I had some success with the Venison and Millet flavor of food initially. However, in the past 3 months, I have had 3 separate bags of food opened to find only rancid, plastic smelling food that my lab turns his nose at (and yes, he's a chow hound). I've been looking around the web and apparently I am not the only customer with the same experience. Time to find another dog food."
"The albacore tuna in these cans is fairly consistent (only occassionally see some that is darker than I would like) and the size is very convenient. I recall reading the allowable darker meat is regulated based on calling it ""solid white albacore"" but of course it would be nice if Starkist kept even stricter requirements. Each can is smaller than a standard chunk light can, and makes a nice single-serving size for a large sandwich or added to a lettuce salad."
"I purchased these with Subscribe and Save for my college student. For some reason, I thought that there was more than one box for the price, but I thought incorrectly, and WAS going to cancel my subscription. My daughter, however, said that these were YUMMY and wanted me to keep sending them, so instead of cancelling the subscription, I decided to keep it and simply send it less often. It makes for a yummy treat when she's on the run."
"Would of given this 5 star if it was cheaper. I love the small cans for convenience but not willing to pay for the cost of it. I liked that their was no gagging fishy smell as some cat foods have. My cats loved this food and would of eaten 2 cans at a time if I let her. I will consider keeping this on hand for those times when I need the small can convenience. However, can not afford to purchase this all the time."
"I have been trying to find a good brand of jerky that I don't have to order online. I finally tried Jack Link's original. Way too sweet, doesn't taste like meat, and most of the pieces don't have the texture of meat. At times, I thought I was eating plastic. Or some soy meat-substitute. I couldn't even make it through the whole bag. I miss the original Pemmican..., before ConAgra sold the brand and it got ruined..."
i was not impressed one bit with this stuff. if it was any thinner you could pour it out of the can. i tried chicken soup for the dog lovers soul and it was an instant success with my dogs. actually had to break it up with a spoon. also it is much cheeper than blue buffalo and the quality is right up there with all other designer dog foods. most importantly it's also made in USA.
"Force-feeding my dog glucosamine tablets got old pretty quickly. I bought a nice bag of these biscuits and the whole problem went away. Based on my dog's size (90 lbs), my vet recommended 1000 mg of glucosamine -- just 2 biscuits a day. Almost all of the biscuits arrived whole and they stay fresh in the sealable bag. These definitely aren't gourmet treats so if your dog is finicky, you may want to use caution; mine ate them up with no problem."
"I have 2 boxers. 1 is 16 mos. and the other is 11 months. The older one, often gets what my husband and I call ""shrimp breath"". The younger one has lots of digestive issues. They both get 1 greenie a week. Vet says their teeth look great and it's helped with the bad breath. Also, doesn't give the little one runny poop, which is nice. Only problem is they are expensive, that's why they get one a week."
"The item is good, but barely arrived on time(minutes away from deadline) and some of the packages were cracked, making them VERY hard to cook as the containers must be able to contain water.(I had to hold onto them and keep adding boiling water in the sink to keep the water level above noodle block) Also from reading other people's reviews of JVS products, this company often creates problems regarding shipping and NEVER responds to enquiries of customers."
"These were nasty, they were so greasy and too rich for my blood, plus they lacked major flavor, no spicy jalapeno flavor at all. I was so dissapointed in these chips, I am always hearing great things about these chips but I am telling you, yuck yuck yuck. Give me pain chips any day. Maybe there is a better kettle chip brand out there but I am staying clear from these chips. I wish I could give these zero stars if I could."
the title tells the story. i just ordered a glass of this for dinner at a local italian eatery and didnt know what to expect. I dont drink wine very often but developed a taste for zinfandel when i was stationed in Germany years ago. This seems less dry that what I remeber but very flavorful without being too fruity. I was surprised af the color which is more chardonay then zinfandel but it doesnt matter. I like it. I hope you will too!
"when you open the package, it smells like bacon. After poping, the smell is a heavy burnt bacon smell. It doesn't really taste like bacon...occasionally you get a piece that tastes like bacon, but overall the popcorn is just plain. We tried 2 bags to be sure we didn't get a bad pack...same result. This is great for novelty and themed gifts. But if you are looking to satisfy a bacon craving, this isn't for you."
"The best price I've found. I make english marmalades, jams and jellies, commercially for the farmer's market so really need to research prices so that I can continue to produce!! Buying through Amazon really helps me save on this necessary, but otherwise expensive item. Now I have confidence that I can continue to make my great product and earn a little spare cash and serve the local community !! Saving on this item really helps. Thank you, Pauline, ""Morganics"""
"Love the Riedel glasses and had ordered them in the past from Amazon. Unfortunately, the Amazon shipping department seems to have difficulty packing delicate items: The first shipment included a couple of heavy books which shifted during mailing and broke the glasses. The replacement box had the glasses jammed against one corner with air packing around three sides. Those arrived broken, also. Guess we'll purchase the glasses at a wine shop! Love Amazon and this is the first time we've had a shipping problem with you!"
"This was supposed to be a christmas present for my best friend and when he received the package the package of gummy bears had already been opened somehow and there were about 100 gummy bears in the bottom of the box. I am extremely disappointed that the package was shipped this way. And by the looks of it, it looked like it had been opened before even being packaged. Absolutely horrible, if this is the way that business is done, No thanks!"
I used the Mycodex Plus on furniture and baseboards for a dog and cat flea infestation. One of the items I sprayed was a 6 foot tall cat tower with 5 perches. The cat won't go on it now. I have tried cat-nip to entice her but she still won't have anything to do with it. I would like any suggestions that anyone might have. It is a rather expensive piece of useless furniture now.....none of us can sit on it!!
"Maybe my expectations were too high but this seemed to have almost no flavor at all. After following the instructions and ending up with a bland outcome, I added some butter and salt. Then more salt. It got saltier, but I could taste little else. Last time I checked, 'real' cheese was supposed to have flavor. I get that it's healthier than the blue box, but I would rather just have no mac & cheese at all if this is the only alternative."
"Wolfgang Puck's Chef's Reserve Colombian (Dark Roast) is basically what they said it will be. Dark roast, but not too strong. Acidity is on a low side, but with plenty of pleasant taste. At the same time you can drink this coffee black w/o the need for the sweetener and/or milk. This coffee is in European tradition and will please many people. I would recommend it after dinner, but not if you need a jolt to wake you up."
"Stash's Peach Black Tea has the perfect balance of peach and strong black tea flavor for a very refreshing summer drink. I usually use one or two peach tea bags along with 2 family sized black tea bags of the grocery store variety. This makes 2 quarts of great iced tea, with just a hint of peach. When I want something special I will use only the peach black tea and serve with a slice of peach. Summer is coming so I just stocked up!"
"I had high expectations upon purchasing this tea. I am sorely disappointed. The tea is practically raw green and not semi-fermented as oolong should be, tastes like grass (minus the gr), bitter, weak, pale yellow at best and not the promised copper color when prepared as per directions (or even stronger). Simply awful compared to other fine teas I have tried. Even Red Rose Decaf teabags taste spectacular compared to this stuff which tastes like straw at best. Total waste of money."
"I got my first taste when they were giving them away for free at this years Warped Tour, and I was hooked. These are crack for your mouth. I can't put them down. They hit your taste buds where they haven't been hit before. I'm not going to lie, they are extremely sweet, but very good. People who prefer dark chocolate over milk chocolate will probably not enjoy the candy as much. But try it, cause it is very good."
"I bought these cause I'm a chocolate snap lover, and I had been craving some. The lack of trans fats and description drew me in. Let's just say this: I took these over to a family party, and none of the kids liked it. NOT ONE. And most of the adults, the best they could say was, 'Eh.' I think two folks had more than one. I'd have to say skip these cookies. They don't make your mouth sing with chocolatey snappy joy."
I have to say its a bit pricey but at the end I actually saved alot because you only need to give a couple of spoonful along with the dry food. My dog loves it! You have to make sure you give a small amount depending on the size of your pet because it's high in calories. Sashie did not experience any problems when I switched to this new dog food. It's also a great coverup for any medications your dog might need to take.
All 4 of my cats love these Friskies Party Mix. They have had all the flavors except the beef/liver which I haven't seen in my grocery store but may yet buy on Amazon. My cats and the neighbor's cat who comes by to mooch love Friskies Party Mix. I was buying Party Mix and Temptations but several of my cats will not touch Temptations so I quit buy it. They all much prefer the Party Mix. Today I purchased 4 of these to stock up.
"I make gluten-free bread and had been using xanthan gum as a binder, but I thought that I could substitute the guar gum, which is cheaper. My bread was falling apart when I attempted to pick it up. The bread left a slimy film on my tongue, and it was making me cough. I wanted to buy less, but the 3 bag purchase was not available. Now I have almost eight full bags of guar gum that I need to find a use for."
"The following is just my opinion so take it for what it's worth. I suppose some reviewers actually liked this, but I have to say without any doubt whatsoever, this is absolutely the WORST jerky I've ever tried. I've grown up on the stuff, and I like a real cowboy beef jerky. This stuff is soft, kind of falls apart in your mouth, and I'm sorry just plain TERRIBLE. If you like a good jerky that you can chew on a while, this isn't it."
I could not find this soup at my local grocer so was very relieved to find it here in cases. You cannot beat the price because a single can runs over $3. I am on the Subscriber Savings plan but do not plan to purchase another 12 cans until these are gone so am happy that I was able to lock in a good deal ($29.00) Also try the tomato soup. Very tasty!
"I am a fan of Pamela's gluten free products and have been happy with all of them until I got the Raisin Walnut Cookies. I just received the order a couple of days ago. I've eaten four of the cookies and they are very good tasting. However, in two of the four cookies I found myself chewing what presumably was walnut shells! I could have easily chipped or broken a tooth. Pamela's makes some great products but this one is ""risky""."
"I purchased this after having a jar of Artisana and this product is nowhere near as good. It is dry (I needed to add coconut oil to it to smooth it out) and the texture is very coarse and gritty. You really need to stir it into things to enjoy it, such as oatmeal, smoothies, etc. Artisana you can eat right out of the jar, but not this brand. It still gives things the delicious coconut taste, but other brands are superior in their texture."
"A truly outstanding product! My dog loves his Checkups and his daily enjoyment has resulted in several hundred dollars savings when my vet says, ""His teeth look great, his gums looks great: no cleaning necessary!"" My dog loves them so much, he never lets me forget a day. He stands and stares at the cupboard where they are kept each afternoon letting me know he's not yet had his Dental Treat. :-) Absolutely love this product!"
"I have been drinking the Maxwell House dark roast since it became available locally, here in Orlando. Unfortunately Amazon doesn't sell the 33oz canisters of Maxwell House. I decided to try the Yuban, and it's just as good. I like my coffee brewed strong, and the Yuban is never bitter. Also it's a little cheaper to buy coffee on line and it's certainly more convienient. As an after thought, the Yuban cans seem to seal tighter than the Maxwell house canisters."
"With the French-roast beans I usually buy, I open the bag and am hit with a strong aroma; inside I are dark and nearing black, shiny beans. But with this coffee, I get a very faint aroma from slightly more than medium-roasted beans. The flavor is mellow and slightly acidic. I was not very impressed; but then, I am highly partial to a dark roast. Bad batch? Perhaps. If you like a dark, robust, French roast, then be wary of Eight O'Clock."
"A marvelous crunchy treat, acceptable to even the most finicky toddler. Wonderful with salsa and sour cream, hot spinach and artichoke dip, and many more ways. If they used a different fat to cook them (the label currently says safflower and/or canola) they would be perfect. I love that they're free of GMO but I'd be even happier if they contained a healthy fat such as lard or coconut oil, or even olive or sunflower or grapeseed would be an improvement."
"This carbonated fruit juice drink is a tasty alternative to soda, with the added bonus of containing 100% of your daily vitamin C. It's not low-calorie (most juice drinks aren't) but at least there's some nourishment to it, not just sugar and carbonated water. It's naturally caffeine-free, too. The black cherry flavor is lightly fruity but not overpowering or ""medicine-y"" like some other black-cherry soft drinks. I'd drink it again, and I'm inclined to try their other flavors as well."
"This coffee is very smooth and has a great flavor, medium roast, without being bitter. The pods do not fit in a Keurig machine so you will need to cut each one and empty it into a Keurig insert for regular coffee grounds such as the <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0051SU0OW"">ekobrew Cup, refillable filter for Keurig Brewers, Brown, 1-Count</a>. This seems to work fine for me, just be sure you don't over fill as the pod may contain a bit more grounds than needed for a Keurig."
"We bought this bone for our 2 year old lab and he swallowed it in 10min.... he got sick the next day, had to get surgery and a week at the vet with antibiotics etc... DO NOT BUY THIS BONE !!! bottom line do not give cooked bones to your dogs. I don't understand that the dog treats companies are selling this treat since any vet will tell you, it is extremly bad for your dog. We learned our lesson the hard way !"
"I bought a bunch of the Kitchens of India items during a promotional sale and the only one I'd recommend is the butter chicken sauce. If they were tasty I could overlook the salt content for the occasional enjoyment but I'm not loving the taste. This one's consistency is like baby food. I ofter buy similar products, including a hearty Palak Paneer from Trader Joes and those, in my opinion, are much better in flavor and cost far less."
"I miss-read the label and thought they would be good treats for my 4-pound Yorkie and 5-pound Maltese. Problem was, the treats were nearly the same size as the dogs. They might have liked them but there was no way they could have eaten them. So I gave them to the neighbor who has a German Shepherd. The 90-pound dog ate them down as if they were M&Ms. I think the dog would have given me a thumbs up if, of course, he had thumbs."
"When I bought this popcorn, it was because Amazon recommended it or at least showed it with the air popper. As other reviewers have said, this popcorn does not work in the air popper. It hasn't got enough weight to stay in the popper long enough to pop. That same quality - lightness - is actually what makes it good popcorn otherwise. I recommend it for stove top popping in a deep saucepan with a lid."
"Though a little pricey for the size (reason for 4 stars), this was a fun item to buy. We had a great time on Christmas daring all of the family members to eat the different flavors that come in the boxes. These are Jelly Belly jelly beans with flavors like vomit, soap, ear wax, booger, etc. My son swears a bubble came out of his mouth after eating the soap flavor and drinking water. Great for all Harry Potter fans that enjoy a good laugh."
"While I was born in the states I absolutely love having this on my cheese and tomato sandwiches. I had this while studying abroad in London, and I've been hooked ever sense. So anytime I can find it here in the states or online I always buy it. Unless you like pickled things in general you may not like this. My boyfriend thinks it's horrid but the tangy flavor and crunch adds a little something to your sandwiches."
"I bought this popcorn without reading the ingredients. I never would have guessed that it would contain artificial sweetener. I made a bag, and soon had a funny aftertaste in my mouth. A familiar aftertaste. Sucralose! Who would expect to find that in a non ""diet"" popcorn! WHY??? They ruined it. It went in the trash. We don't like the taste of artificial sweeteners and we don't like the fact that one's body doesn't know what to do with them."
"The pretzels are tasty and convenient, but I can't give them a higher rating due to the extreme jump in price (nearly double the price it was a couple of weeks ago when I made the purchase-around $17). Due to this, I assume the previous great reviews are based on the former price. Now I can pick these up at my local Grocery for close to the same price per bag, which defeats the purchase of buying in bulk online."
"This is an awesome, versitile seasoning. I have used it on top of garlic bread and also on steaks and pork chops. I've also sprinkled it in various dishes (I'm kind of a dab and a pinch cook without recipies) and I love the fact that it adds subtle flavor without overwhelming the dish. It's ""Italian"" seasonings, but is much broader in scope than just Italian dishes. Something I think every cook should have in his/her kitchen."
"This is a good value if you need to purchase a large amount of chocolate coins. The order arrived in good condition and the flavor was better than most inexpensive chocolate, but not as tasty as ""Godiva"" by any stretch of the imagination. The company quickly responded and reassured me when I emailed them to make sure the chocolate was safe to eat, after some coins (different brand) had been recalled that had been made in China."
"Starbucks VIA Ready Brew Coffee is the BEST instant coffee on the market and Amazon's ""pack of 50"" is a humungous good deal. I don't use instant all the time but when I need to for convenience (in a hurry etc) VIA is the only coffee I've ever tried that hits the mark. I was thrilled when I found VIA and I'm thrilled to be able to purchase it in bulk at a much lower cost."
"Seriously, you don't want to live without it. This sauce is not that hot - well, it is hot, but it is also full of flavor, it goes on just about everything. I keep a bottle at work as well, it makes even so-so lunch taste better. I say even if you don't like hot food, give this a try - it will grow on you. Maybe you should not start with 12 28-oz bottles, but give it a try, really."
"The pretzels are tasty and convenient, but I can't give them a higher rating due to the extreme jump in price (nearly double the price it was a couple of weeks ago when I made the purchase-around $17). Due to this, I assume the previous great reviews are based on the former price. Now I can pick these up at my local Grocery for close to the same price per bag, which defeats the purchase of buying in bulk online."
"Skyy likes this toy. It took her a while to figure out who to move the spinner toy, but once she got it, there was no stopping her. It's not as exciting for as her Smart Toys IQ Treat Ball, but she still gets excited when she sees me filling it. She runs to the rug where, I usually put it, and she has fun pushing it to get her treasures out. A great entertaining, and stimulating, toy for any dog! Highly recommend!"
"Our family loves the kraft velveeta cheese noodles so I thought this would be a hit. Well not so much. The directions were quite simple & easy to follow. After seeing that there was no ""real"" broccoli chunks, I added some I had in the fridge. Tasting it thru out the cooking I thought it needed some addition seasoning. Needless to say the skillet dinner was not one of our favorite meals. Probably won't be buying it anytime soon."
"Once in a while I need to order these overnight, as I did with this - it's wonderful to be able to get them so quickly, but I do wish they did not use MOSTLY dented cans. It doesn't always happen, but in this shipment it was the case. It's not due to the packaging, as they were very well packaged. They apparently choose dented cans and as these cost more than in the supermarket, I don't appreciate it."
"the texture and taste is okay... but i still like trader joe's brown rice pasta best as it holds up in texture a lot more and tastes good. there's a very fine line between al dente and soggy in a lot of gf pasta. although this product did not get soggy, it seemed to stick together a lot more even with oil in the water. also looked more delicate than TJ pasta... this seemed to require more supervision/watching."
"First off, don't listen to those saying they were not individually wrapped. I have gotten two boxes of these and they come just as pictured. It's a convenient store type display box. I got the Spicy ones and they were great. Some of my friends and family found them enjoyable but a little hot for them. I love spicy so they were perfect for me. I liked them so much I have a box coming once a month!"
"It may do everything the company claims this product will do, but I just couldn't get past the flavor. With ""a few drops"", it tastes like watered down Kool-Aid. If you go ahead and put in more to give it more flavor, it just tastes like really strong kool-aid - cherry flavor, that is. If you like Kool-Aid, maybe this product is right for you. If you are like me and gave up Kool-Aid many years ago, you probably won't like this either."
"I USE THIS PRODUCT TO BAKE COOKIES FOR MY HUSBAND. HE HAS TO HAVE LOW SUGARS AND ALMOND MEAL FLOUR IS THE BEST FOR DIABETIC BAKING. IT TAKES TIME TO WORK WITH IT BECAUSE OF THE CONSISTENCY, BUT THE FLAVOR IS GREAT. THE PACKAGING KEEPS IT FRESH. THIS IS THE SECOND BATCH I HAVE PURCHASED FROM BOB'S RED MILL. I WILL DEFINITELY BUY FROM THEM AGAIN AND I HAVE RECOMMENDED BOB'S RED MILL TO SEVERAL OF MY FRIENDS WHO BAKE AS WELL. THANK YOU. C. CIACCIO"
"I love blueberries (fresh blueberries are very tasty and very healthy), and I love blueberry flavor. So when these arrived I was expecting something very tasty. However for me, these clusters tasted like they were a bit old. I like that these clusters are not very sweet, and that they contain whole grains, flax seeds and oats (very healthy), and fiber. But I just did not find them very tasty. Overall this makes for an average nice snack"
"I have never seen this product in any store, and it's a shame. It's absolutely amazing. It does just what it says... makes things sweeter with just a drop or two. I make a cup of unsweetened tea and one or two drops is as effective as a packet of Splenda. I look for creative ways to use this to lower our calories, like when I make pancakes. It's really amazing stuff, how has no one heard of it and why isn't it sold in groceries??"
"Okay I bought this because I was craving some fish curry like my Mum used to make. I have to tell you it came close. For the less culinarily (is that a real word??) gifted like me, it is god-sent. Cook the fish, add water and paste and viola you have fish curry. For those of you who swear by making their own curry paste from scratch, please contact me so I can come over :)"
"easy to make just follow the instructions on the box However, instead of water i use MILK , plus i always add a pinch of salt, freshly grated lemon peel, pure vanilla extract, pure almond extract , cinnamon extra , nutmeg extract . or sometimes , if i am adding rhum, i would substitute 1/2 of the milk with rhum .. U do not want to add more liquid because it is "" super Moist ""..."
"I've used this product for years to remove lactic acids that build up after deep tissue massage therapy, or after a vigorous work-out. It's relaxing and if you want to, you can put in a drop or two lavender oil for the ultimate aromatherapy relaxation treatment. Bought one for me and one as a Christmas gift. This is one ""must have product for me! I don't recommend products unless I see results, and this delivers! Great Value & find on Amazon!"
"This is one of my favorite Indian sweets & this brand is as close to a homemade taste as you can get without making it yourself. For Americans unfamiliar with Indian sweets, the best analogy I can give you for soan papdi is that it tastes & feels similar to the inside of a very soft, very fresh Butterfinger... except the nuts used for flavoring are pistachio and almond instead of peanut. It also has about 1/10 the calories and melts in your mouth. Loooove it!"
"I bought this product because I missed the old product from Kellogg's with the 10 grams of fiber that was discontinued. I believe it was called Kellogg's All Bran Fiber Mix. I like the taste of this drink mix, and will continue to use it, but it only has 5 grams of fiber--although it also has 5 grams of protein. I would prefer the discontinued drink mix because of the higher fiber content. I do like the Strawberry Kiwi flavor."
"I love Terra chips...when they are in the big bags from the store...I ordered these expecting the same quality and it wasn't. The chips in these small bags (which were perfect for my lunch bag) were stale and tasteless. Some of the chips were too stale to comfortably chew. I don't know if they are sitting around too long in a warehouse somewhere or they don't do well in small packages, but don't order these chips like this."
"I've heard the Mercken's brand of melts works great for things like cake pops. My order did not come close to meeting these expectations. I think the package I received was old because after just 30 seconds in the microwave, the melts were crumbling and never melted. These are also very expensive for the amount you get. I would beware ordering these from Amazon - maybe the ones you buy in stores are ok, but I don't have a store nearby they are sold in."
"My 10 month old german shepherd loved it. And loved it so much that in about 5 minutes he was already chewing pieces off the thing. In exactly 45 minutes the damn thing was GONE. My dog had eaten it all. I don't think it's going to hurt him, but this is NOT an everlasting treat AT ALL, definitely not for 60 pound + dogs (my pup is a very strong 80 pound gsd - all muscles, no fat)."
"I first tasted the Keebler Shortbread Sugar Free cookies at a hospital cafeteria. I had never seen this sugar free brand on a grocery shelf, so I started searching the WWW. I was grateful to find them available through Amazon, but somewhat surprised that, upon receipt of my order, the label is Murray's instead of Keebler. I've seen Murray's in my grocery but the label is not appealing like Keebler's label. Taste is the same. Thanks"
"Our Lab puppy was able to figure out how to turn the red bar and left the dispenser lids, but the angle of the treat pod is such that she can't fit her snout, or manuvuer her tongue very well to get the food. Even turning her snout sideways didn't help. The idea has promise but unfortunately the design is lacking. We'll keep trying but it doesnt really hold her interest since she can't get the reward."
"I bought this (herbal) tea for relief from (a couple months of) breathing issues. Thinking that I may have asthma (I've never been diagnosed). At first it was grand, helping my cough, soothing to my throat and chest. Then surprisingly my stomach started to gurgle and I was frequenting the loo, stopped taking things were fine. Finally, last night I tried nettle (2 caps) and some ginger with honey added tea..ahh relief, sleep! Tonight I will try angelica root and see if that helps."
My boyfriend and I saw a comercial for this gum and hunted it down in the grocery store to try it out and LOVED it! I wouldn't pay full price a a grocery store again but on Amazon you can get a ton of it for a great price. We went through a hundred pieces in like 4 months. It leaves your mouth feeling fresh and clean and your breath smelling gently of melon! I haven't tried the other flavors but I love the Melon.
"Also love their doggie paws, stars, More Blu Dog Bakery cookies, and the Live Well ones they discontinued recently, wish they would bring them back. We have 2 large dogs and big cookies are great for them, the small cookies are great for training. Only cookie my largest dog will respond to when sidetracked by a rabbit, person or when told he must go to his room. He Loves them so much he races to his cage when normally he would hide rather than go there."
"I have a three year old, 60 lbs black lab that can destroy most anything. She plucked that treat plug right out of the treat ball ball in less than 10 minutes and devoured the treat within 15. Not good. HOWEVER! I placed an apple slice within the middle compartment of the ball and she was challenged for a little less than an hour to get all the apple pieces out. If anything entertains her for more than a half an hour, it's amazing!"
"Believe it or not, I don't really like chips, I don't dislike them, but if I see them at a party, I usually won't have any, I prefer pretzels. I thought that I would give these a try anyways. They are really good. Very light, not greasy at all. I don't like sweet potatoes, but I like the flavor in these chips. I would encourage all of you and my friends to give them a try. You'll like em."
"I bought this tea after hearing about reported health benefits and because herbal teas have never really worked for me and I wanted to give another go at it. This tea really blew me away with it's complex melody of flavors, lack of bitter overtones and ability to steep for a long period only making it for the better. I'm actually surprised at my response and feel fortunate to have come across this product (thanks Amazon!)."
"I've been looking for teas for my Keurig brewer, and finally found these. They were on a special sale and so were a reasonable option to try. They are very good, and it's really wonderful to get my traditional English tea using my Keurig. My only comment is that they leave a little residue in the bottom of the cup because the tea is ground so fine for the brewing, but otherwise, the taste is great, and of course so fast with the Keurig."
"This is one of my dog's favorite toys. It has entertained her for many hours. Prior to her getting the rope out of it, she would swing it around like a mace or weapon and bang people on the knees if they weren't paying attention. Now that the rope has been shredded, I strategically put a larger treat in to prevent the kibble from just falling out. Good idea, but the design could be modified for safer play."
"I've tried the hickory and peppered so figured I'd try the cajun too since I like spicy food. It has a nice kick to it but it's not too hot, at least in my opinion. The spicy taste lingers in your mouth for a bit but it's not a hot burn. It's not as tasty as I'd like but overall it's good and I'll order it again. My favorite is the peppered though, great taste and just a little spice from the pepper."
"The package came perfectly on time. I ordered two packages of 50 green mountain k cups but after I tried several cups they all taste old like if I was sent something that was sitting in storage for a while. This old taste was evident from both packages. I drink green mountain at work so I know what the coffee should taste like. DOnt buy from this seller, it looks like they send you old products that have been on the shelf for to long."
"I really tried to like this stuff, I tried about 20 pieces (different flavors) and I had to spit them out they were so gross. The texture is soggy, the flavor is weak (can't figure out what most of the flavors are supposed to be), and there's this terrible, lingering aftertaste that's something akin to Pine-Sol - you know, the floor cleaner. I love salt water taffy, but this stuff was inedible. Don't waste your money on this!"
"My dog loves the big pieces, but, there are so few of them I am not sure if I should try this brand again. The pieces are for the most part tiny throw outs in a lot of dust. The few bigger pieces my dog LOVES. I don't know if they are made wrong, or packed wrong, or just handled VERY badly in shipping, but they are NOT worth the money in the condition that they arrive in."
"This jerky is delicious, but please don't think it is the Oh Boy! Oberto Thin Style from 15-20 years ago. You remember, right? It was about as thick as 4-5 sheets of paper and oh-so easy to chew? Well, this product is pretty damn THICK for a supposed ""thin"" jerky. If all you care about is flavor, then go for it. It's salty, but that's what makes it good. I was hoping it would be the classic thin style, but NOPE."
"My kids enjoy most Kool-Aid products, this one included, but I am not a fan of this one. My husband and I found it bland and these containers that include sweetener do not make much and we prefer to make the packets with our choice of how much sugar we like it with. Even though I did not care for this flavor my children did ask for it over other flavors of beverages until we used it all."
"As far as I can tell, these chicken jerky strips are a good, natural product. Even so, they do say clearly on the label that these are made in China, making them somewhat risky (because of the quiet jerky-poisoning cases of 2007). Another concern - between Dec. 2008 and Feb. 2009, the costs of these went from about 11.00 to about 16.75 on amazon. At that price, it becomes both safer and more cost effective to just make jerky yourself from USDA grade chicken!"
"This tea is amazing I bought it on here when it was 22$ for the 24-pack and set up a once a month subscription. Now it says 60$ for a 24pack..who would pay that when its 99cents per can at the corner store. I will be cancelling my subscription and be watching the price more closely now. The tea is insanely good though just beware the price, it seems to fluctuate a lot. Only reason I have 4 stars instead of 5 is the changing price."
"This is truly some nasty salmon. The taste and mouth feel are awful. I love fish prepared in a variety of ways - but not mashed up with some yucky seasoning and put in a can. I have served more appealing cat food (to cats of course). The trail mix was mostly dried bananas. The dried soy beans were flavorless. The chocolate was ordinary. The crackers were just OK as well. All in all, a very disappointing box of food and certainly no picnic."
"A hint of Pepper is an under-statement! If you do not like Pepper, than these are are not for you! For Pepper lovers this may be a perfect snack for you. The container has mostly whole cashews!! If you love cashews like I do and pepper is what you put on your food (which I don't)than the taste of these will be a different taste experience. I did like the taste of the sea salt. A good treat for your social gatherings."
"I got a good deal on this from the Amazon warehouse, so I jumped on it. I'm not at all disappointed. While it's not the best coffee in the world, it's what I consider to be a very good dark roast. I would compare it favorably to Starbuck's dark roast, but maybe not quite as bold. I'm not much of a coffee snob, so I can't really give much more of an in-dept review, aside from it's a good dark roast."
"I was disappointed with my recent purchase of this product. I think Instinct is top quality cat food, and my cat ate previous bags of this food with enthusiasm. In the bag I received in my recent purchase the texture was much different and my cat wouldn't get near it. If the recipe has changed I sure hope the company realizes they made a mistake and changes back. For now we've switched to Wellness Core."
"Within two weeks of receiving this product, my hosueplants went NUTS. Christmas cactus, ferns, wandering jew, spider plant, rubber tree. No matter what I watered with Schultz, it just grew like crazy! Been six months now and I add it to my watering routine every 6 - 8 weeks and everyone in the hous eis happy! Almost afraid to try itin the garden. Four stars because the dropper is a litle inconvenient, but you'll get used to it"
"I remember when I was a kid my friends liked those sour candies and I think they grew up and still like sour things like these lollipops. The only one that didn't make me feel like making a sour lemon face was the pomegranate (and ironically thats the one called pucker). I wish they would make some milder ones, like coconut lifesavers or banana. or just tone down a couple of the flavors they have, not this shocking bitter jolt in the mouth."
"wonderful treat!! nice and soft with a very natural smell. my chihuahua is a very picky eater and only wants expensive treats like chicken jerky, but he really enjoyed his ""bacon jerky stix"". the stix's are great size he was able to eat the treat with out any help and of course run with it if he thought i was trying to get it =]. FYI: i find they will get a slight bit hard if not placed in a closed container after opening."
"Ok, so you can cook up a bowl of chewy tasty brown rice for a lot less than the $2 this will cost you. But it will take you the better part of an hour, and won't be any better than this rice which takes only 90 seconds. So keep the non-instant brown rice around for those times when time isn't of the essence, and keep this around for when you need a quick, delicious bowl in less than two minutes. It's really that simple."
"1st: my cats really don't eat this brand with much relish like they did when Wellness had the mylar bags. We really miss those bags, the food just seemed to taste better to my cats. Canned, they won't touch any flavor but turkey. 2nd: I've had 3 out of 12 in a case smell off and even the dogs won't touch it. So just check yours JIK. What has happened to this brand? They were the BEST 2 years ago!"
"I have two Doodles, a brother and a sister, and the male eats just about everything you put in front of him and many things you don't! He seemed very interested in these and even the female took them into her jaws and scurried off. Alas, we found most of them later secreted in different parts of the living room. Other Plato treats have been enthusiastically recieved, so I have a good opinion of the company. Worth a shot, but not to the beasties' tastes!"
"Maybe you can call me a Ramen expert.. I recommend this ramen if you want to experience a Japanese ramen. It will taste OK for a couple of times, but you will be easily fed up with it. The soup base is too weak and naive. Yea, Japanese ramen is good but what I mean by that is the real ramen you can get in Japan. As to instant ramens, Korean ones are much better."
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"The consistency is in the ballpark of peanut butter, the smell is pretty good - but this stuff tastes, really, like industrial glue. It has an awful chemical taste to it that is not likened to peanut butter in the least. I did not try mixing it with anything, that may have helped, especially if what you mixed it with neutralized the taste! I like WF products, but they need to go back to the drawing board on this one."
I was so thrilled to be able to find these chocolates on line! Unfortunately when they arrived every single bag of chocolate appeared to have melted to the point of joining in one great ball. While still tasty I am very disappointed as they don't have the cocoa texture on the outside as found in those I purchased at Costco. Had to pound the bag on the counter to break the truffles apart! Afraid I will be weary of buying chocolate on-line again. :(
"Although my kids prefer Pop Tarts, this is a healthy alternative. Believe it or not, the Apple without the frosting is pretty decent. There is cinnamon on the top of it which adds a bit of spice...I don't really like too much frosting on mine. The cherry pomengrante is the most preferred in my home. They don't last as long as opposed to the blueberry...Strawberry is delicious too. They travel pretty well too. Don't crumble too much..."
"A nice change of taste for a Taco. I put a little sauce in with some canned roast beef, warmed it up and put in a corn tortilla just like I would for a taco with ground beef. It had a delicious taste reminiscent of something I tasted in Mexico years ago. I love the smoked pepper chipotle taste but not having to make the sauce. Much easier to buy this tasty condiment instead. I bet it would be good with chicken or fish tacos too."
"I buy this product because I am gluten intolerant and have not found gluten-free ready made deserts that I will eat. I don't always have time to bake homemade BUT this brownie mix tastes like homemade and it's so moist and yummy! The rest of my family can eat regular brownies BUT they can't tell that these are gluten free. The only bad thing about these brownies, is they don't stick around long at my house. TRY them, you won't be sorry."
"I ordered the Golden yellow Brazilian Jasmine Plant - Mandevilla - from 9GreenBox on September 27, 2012 and it arrived 4 days later on October 1. It came in good condition in a 3 1/2"" plastic pot. The plant is a vine which splits into 2 stems or smaller vines. At its longest, the curling vine reaches 16"". It has about 45 small green leaves. Please keep in mind, though, that it a small plant. I will try to update later."
"I was excited to place my order in hopes of getting exactly what I ordered, however I received 29 k-kups rather than the advertised 30 k-kups. This was disappointing as the missing k-kup was a hot chocolate for when my niece comes to visit. Other than that, the other 29 k-kups were exactly as ordered and within 4-5 months of expiration. Delivery was pretty quick (5 mail days) considering it was shipped from East Coast to West Coast."
"If you're like me, you probably don't need 12 boxes of 12 of these things, but if you have a large family and they all like them, by all means check out this deal! I was using them with my lunch, but I just couldn't take it anymore after months of eating these... Gave me heartburn a little bit. I ended up giving the rest to people I know... But, I still love these bars! I just got a little burnt out is all..."
"When I opened this package and sniffed (like I do all coffee), I just prepared myself for the worst in terms of taste. It smelled bitter and almost sour and sure enough that's exactly how it tasted as well. I am used to strong coffee but this is was just a travesty. In order to not waste it, I added some cappuccino and milk to it and managed to get it down but even through that, the sourness was still evident to some extent."
"I guess the idea here is that you can reward your dog with quick and tasty lick of a thin liquid on a roller ball. Seems like a decent idea, especially if you're trying to train your dog. The problem, in our case anyway, is that our dog is sort of lukewarm on this treat. He'll lick it sometimes, but other times, he just isn't interested. I asked him why, but he declined to comment."
"Wonderful aroma. However, I have to agree with the other one star reviewer. This coffee has almost no flavor of any kind (coffee, or butter toffee). I ended up having to mix it with another K-cup flavor so it would not be a total waste. I can not help but feel it was a complete waste of money. I recommend Timothy's Cinnamon Roll flavor as it taste like coffee with a hint of cinnamon roll. Probably a wise choice if you enjoy weak coffee."
"I've been drinking this tea every morning for several years so, needless to say, I love it. Strong, mellow, rich, well-rounded. Typically, I would give it a 4 star. Just recently, however, I purchased several boxes at a local grocery store and was shocked to find the taste completely different and largely tasteless. 1 star at best. I don't know if something happened to one particular lot or if the company has changed the formula."
This ball has lasted for almost a year with the zone of destruction that is my dog. She loves this ball simply for the fact that she can't defeat it. This thing even survived a battle with the riding lawn mower... The only reason why I didn't give it five starts is because the treats it comes with are too easy to get out. But if you stick treats in the middle compartment they last a bit longer.
"i use these to make pizza, pasta sauce, ratatouille, chili, beef stew and a cooked spicy tomato ranchero sauce for beef/cheese enchiladas. the tomatoes have a great added depth from being roasted. whole tomatoes for pizza, i just slice them, lay flat, topped with crumbled oregano/basil like as if i were using fresh. buying whole tomatoes really allows to decided the final texture of the outcome. anyway very versatile ten times better than most canned tomatoes."
"Obviously if you're reading this you've probably already had M&M's - so don't let that stop you from buying this package! I love the size of this bag because it fills a candy dish that I have out completely with a few left over for me to eat up right away. They last for a while - though not as long as they should - in my house, but I'll keep ordering them as they are a delicious treat."
"I was looking for something more natural than traditional frozen treats for my kids to enjoy during the summer, and found Smooze on Amazon and had to try it. Overall, they are pretty fantastic. You do need to make sure you shake them REALLY well before freezing or they can get pretty icy and less creamy. My kids (8,6 and 3) are pretty picky, so I was worried they would reject these. They love them and we have already devoured the first 2 boxes! Highly recommend!"
"OK, I am now READDICTED to SUGAR! This stuff is much much better than SILK!!!! The chocolate is chocolatier, and it is organic! Here is the stuff I wanted to know: ingredients: water, whole organic soybeans,organic dried cane syrup,organic Dutch processed cocoa powder,tricalcium phosphate, sodium citrate, sea salt, carageenan, vitamin A palmitate, vitamin D. In addition to what is in the title, there are 180 mg sodium,290 mg potassium (8%) carbs 21g, of which 13 are sugar. Enjoy."
"The previous ""Frosted Shredded Wheat"" made by Post---until last year, unfortunately---was much better...frosted on one side and not the other (like Kellogs' version). This new ""Lightly Frosted"" version isn't nearly as good, even though the sugar content is the same as before. It just doesn't pack the same punch when the sugar is coated around the whole biscuit. Still not a bad cereal, but I don't reach for it on the shelf quite as often now."
"Smart Water is my favorite brand of bottled water. I enjoy its taste better compared to other bottled waters. It just taste smoother to me. I'm not sure whether it's because it's distilled, but I like it. It's almost comparable (although not quite) to Fiji water (which is expensive). The price for Smart Water here cost a bit more, compare to other outlets. Ingredients: Vapor Distilled Water, calcium chloride and magnesium chloride, potassium bicarbonate (electrolyte sources*) *electrolytes added for taste"
"I took one sampling of this barbecue sauce after opening the bottle and immediately threw it away. The taste is really disgusting, nor is the consistency anywhere close to ""thick."" Using this product with any type of meat (pork, chicken, beef, etc.) will absolutely ruin what you're eating. I should have done a better job of reading the other reviews, since they are dead-on. You can find a number of low-carb barbecue sauce recipes on the web - I'd try that instead of this product."
Just started using this and the smell is a little odd at first but its not too bad. I got some on my lips by accident and my lips started feeling numb. Not sure what that was about. I like that its not a mask that you have to scrub off. This one just rinses right off. After I rinsed it off I instantly saw my skin look a little more brighter and glowy after the first use.
Popchips are really a great snack and not just an alternative to regular chips but a full on replacement as far as I'm concerned. The taste and texture are great for the Jalapeno ones. I hate greasy fried chips and often switch the baked version of any chips. Now I have another choice...POPPED! If you like flavored chips and you want something crunchy with a great taste then you owe it to your self to try a bag of Potato Popchips!
"Saw these in Whole Foods and thought they looked interesting. Didn't care for them instantly, but by the time the first bag as gone (I have a husband and kids), I was hooked. Wanted to try other flavors and this is a great way to do it. Personally, I like the plain and also the salt/pepper. My kids love all of them though and, while these aren't fruit/veggies, I feel better about giving these to them as opposed to standard chips."
"I have to say that I have tried all kinds of expensive catfood for my grown cat. He does not like the good stuff! He prefers the cheap stuff so I have just adjusted to that. I thought this tuna entree would be great, but he does not like it. Sorry for the bad review since I am sure there are cats out there with all different pallates of taste. If your kitty likes tuna which looks like it came from a can - bon appetit!"
Buyer beware. Read COMPLETELY when and what you are getting and how much it is. Very confusing and Amazon does not help when the hassle arrives. The Flying Noodle can't be trusted either for their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Don't expect much when the cheese does not arrive. Even if they send you a notice it has shipped they find a reason to look good to Amazon in their correspondence. Can't tell you how the cheese tastes because it never came!
"This is about the worst expresso coffee i have tried.Was looking to see a dark Italian roasted coffee but it is not a true dark roast. The color is brown-tan and does not even taste like an expresso. I use a Gaggia Baby machine for many years and have tried many different coffees including other Lavazzas but this is a poor excuse for an Italian type expresso. Starbucks is better, and that is a stretch. AL."
"So I love the strawberry Honey Bunches of Oats. I'm not a big cereal eater but I love that one. I discovered the peach one last year and love that one too. So I thought I'd try this one because hey, I love pecans. Nope. This one has a cinnamon flavor to it and I don't like cinnamon. Most people seem to so you may, but just know that this one has a different flavor to the cereal."
Just what I needed. Perfect toasty buttery tasting popcorn. Popping your own gives a flavor that is missing in the microwave type popcorn. The only problem was the directions call for 1 1/2 Tsp per batch in the oil I found it too salty and went to just 1 Tsp per batch of popcorn and did not need to add any more after it was popped. Next I need to try making it using the Snappy brand coconut oil.
"Trying to save money on an otherwise premium cereal, they ruined the product. As was pointed out above, it's no longer organic. That's not my real concern though. The quality of wheat has clearly decreased. The cereal is somehow more bland, less sweet. It's a real shame. They took something that was loved by many and had hugely popular reviews and decided to skimp on quality, thinking no one would notice. Such a shame."
We have a corgi and this kibble is one of the only two things that the breeder recommended. Unfortunately our dog does not like this food. He would NEVER eat a pellet on its own. We always have to mix it with real food and even then he sometimes refuses to eat it. On top of that none of the pet shops in our area carry this food so overall big PITA. We are still ordering from Amazon but looking for an alternative.
"Every bit as good as what you buy in the grocery store, but only a fraction of the cost. If you can can split the order with a friend, the deal is even better. This is a lot cumin. I use a fair amount of cumin when I cook, but I'm not sure I will be able to use this much cumin before it starts to degrade. Even if I only use half of the cumin I will have saved money."
"I LOVE the product, BUT, because each packet has a different amount in it, I could not give it 5*. I wrote to the company, & they never replied. It's really a pain in the neck, not knowing how sweet my coffee will be, with each packet. I wish they made it in bulk, so I could use just the right amount each time,...........but, then the company wouldn't make ALL the $$$$$$they do on the small packets. :("
"I got 3 sets of food for my 6 month old to have some variety. I didn't realize kids are on stage 1 foods for a very brief period so we had to mix these stage 1 foods in with stage 2 and 3 foods to use them. I'm sure these are great if you have multiple children, but for one child, these packs are too large to get more than one, but one box doesn't provide variety..."
Chocolove's dark chocolate is more like milk chocolate with a little edge. The cherries are nice and chewy and the almonds are especially crunchy. The chocolate is not waxy at all and melts easily in your mouth. I think what makes this chocolate bar especially good is the addition of vanilla. This chocolate also comes with a poem printed inside the wrapper. It might be fun to give this chocolate as a gift to someone who appreciates romance. ~The Rebecca Review
"I ordered these pretzels for a party that I was going to have. When I opened the box, to my dismay, about one third of the pretzels were broken to the point of being large crumbs. I didn't have time to send them back before my party, so I picked out what I could that was presentable. We have since gone to Costco to restock. Not only were the pretzels whole, the price was half. Sounds like a much better deal to me....."
"I bought this as a mothers day gift for a coffee lover and found that it came with one pound regular and one pound decaf. Not three pounds of regular, they substituted crackers that were all smashed and cappuccino liquer cake. I opened the day before it was to be gifted to wrap it and was really dissapointed. decaf for a coffee addict!!! This turned out to be a really expensive pound of coffee in a nice basket."
"Like all chocolate, this organic chocolate bar from Newman's Organics is very high in fat content. It is a guilty pleasure. It is simply some of the best organic chocolate that I've ever tasted! I'm not the biggest fan of chocolate, but this is absolutely fantastic. Best of all, it is made with organic ingredients. No pesticides or artificial ingredients are used in making this product, so while it may not be healthy the ingredients are still better for the body. Highly recommended."
"My grandson's gluten allergy led me to these cookies because animal cookies are a tradtional Christmas gift for children in our family. Our entire family loves them, but the real test is on unsuspecting gluten consuming individuals and they past the test. Recently the contractor came by in the afternoon with his son's 8 and 10 years old. They looked hungry and so I offered cookies, with Dad's permission. They almost wiped out the bag. Good Cookies!"
"I bought the Cascabel Sauce in this San Angel line from a Whole Foods market. It is excellent, I fried up some pork chops and onions and ate it with rice and cascabel sauce on the chops. You dont need much sauce as it has extreme, yummy and savory complex flavors. Its just right, well balanced. I love it, will try on chix and steak soon! I did not try the Red or Black Mole' yet."
"I used this first on a backpacking trip and was impressed by the packaging and the idea of having an organic meal with not as much sodium as the non-organic competition's versions. The product was easy to make and I was impressed by the consistency but the taste was pretty blah. I am happy that it doesn't have as much sodium as other similar products. If you add this to another main meal, it works great."
"I have one cup a day and it really decreases my night sweats. I'm in amazement at how much it helps! The taste isn't great, but I don't think it's as bad as some other reviews have said. If you're concerned about the taste, you can use some sage from your spice cabinet and make a cup. It tastes pretty much the same, but it didn't seem cost effective to use the sage you buy in the spice aisle."
"I received my two bags of Brazil Nuts and dove into the first bag. I had to stop myself, because after eating one I quickly realized it tasted like mold. I poured out the top quarter of the bag and then tried another one which again tasted like mold. I opened my second bag and it tastes fine. I am a bit upset that I wasted money on one of the bags. I won't be buying from Bergin Nut Company again."
"I like all the flavors in the Peanut Butter Co. line. The Maple one is fantastic -- not one I thought I would like and it turned out to be my favorite. The smooth operator tastes like most other natural pb's - nothing out of the ordinary. The price is higher than some other brands. It's worth a try and definitely better than the non-natural brands, but don't expect too much difference from other natural brands. (There is some added oil and salt.)"
"I got this for my 60lb boxer mix as a replacement for smaller one he had managed to break by dropping it. It was great for a couple days, but after that he seemed to get frustrated & in a mere 24 hours, he had chewed through the much thicker rope on the new one, which he had never thought of doing on the old one. Another new toy, doomed to failure. &lt;sigh> oh well, at least I tried."
"My experience so far with black organic teas is that they tend to be lighter in flavor that their non-organic counterparts although I can think of no good reason for this. Stash's Organic Ceylon is no exception - it has a good, but subtle flavor. The quality is good: the leaves are small tips and there is very little tea ""dust"" or stems in the bag. I have blended this 1:1 with Stash's Organic Assam for an easy drinking English-style tea."
"I have tried original, BBQ and salt and vinegar. They all they good, the BBQ is the most flavorful. The salt and vinegar is a bit off, and it kind of has that ""hmm this taste like health food"". Which the BBQ doesn't have that effect at all. Though I'm still happy with my purchase. I have always been a fan of Popchips and always recommend my friends and family to eat this instead of their fried trans fatty chips."
"I have lung cancer and have been taking this tea twice daily for several months now. It was recomended by an aquaintence who was given less than a year to live due to cancer ten years ago. His oncologist urged him to use this tea as a complimentary treatment along with his standard chemotherapy. My last two CAT scans have showed the cancer to be stable with some improvement.Can't say it's because of the tea, but who knows for sure, it certainly can't hurt!"
"I'm not a coffee snob, so I'm not picky about what kind of coffee I purchase. I chose this because it was cheapest by the ounce and best rated. I bought <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO5WO0"">The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Hand-Roasted Hazelnut Ground Coffee, 12-Ounce Bags (Pack of 2)</a> as my first ground coffee, and I have to say, Community Coffee smells and tastes better than Coffee Bean's! This is totally personal preference though. This Community Coffee ground tastes much darker and smoother and it smells good."
"Recently, I have decided to change my diet to minimize my gluten intake. This meant drastically changing the way I eat, which also meant attempting to eat gluten-free bread - which sometimes has a very distinct (sometimes, not so pleasant) texture. This almond flour has allowed me to enjoy baked goods again, while staying gluten free. Yay! The last 2 times I went grocery shopping, this product was all sold out - thanks to amazon, I can still obtain it. :)"
"As stated elsewhere it takes a day or two to get going, and it does smell but it did not smell as bad as we were prepared for it to. It has lasted all of a week and has caught thousands. I have to throw it out as there is no room for flys to go into the bag. My only recommendation is if you have a lot of flys go for the quart(M380) or gallon(M383) product that is reusable and can be re-baited."
"Obviously if you're reading this you've probably already had M&M's - so don't let that stop you from buying this package! I love the size of this bag because it fills a candy dish that I have out completely with a few left over for me to eat up right away. They last for a while - though not as long as they should - in my house, but I'll keep ordering them as they are a delicious treat."
"I love these, at first you taste dark succulent melt in your mouth chocolate, and shortly after, a nice burn comes along to heat up your mouth. If you're prone to heartburn from spicy foods, I'd avoid them, but otherwise these are definitely very tasty. The chili doesn't seem to affect the flavor of the chocolate at all, it just adds heat, so it's just a really good chocolate with a slight heat to follow it. Good stuff."
I'm the account holders wife....I bought this based on the good reviews. I was disappointed. I made a batch of it and it was so bad I wouldn't even feed it to the livestock and they usually get all our scraps. The consistancy of the noodles was horrible and I followed the instructions and I even rinsed it. I have made lots of spaghetti over the years and this one was the worst. I'm going back to rice flour spaghetti.
"THESE TREATS ARE A GREAT PRODUCT AND I HAVE ORDERED MANY TIMES. THAT BEING SAID, AS SOON AS I PUT THEM ON SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, I FIND AMAZON USES A LOCAL COURIER SERVICE IN NYC WHO LIED ABOUT AN ATTEMPTED DELIVERY AND STILL HAS NOT DELIVERED THE TREATS. I AM CANCELLING MY SUBSCRIPTION AND WILL NOT ORDER FROM AMAZON AS I PREFER TO PAY MORE FOR THE TREATS AND GET THEM DELIVERED FROM MY LOCAL PET STORE. SHAME ON LASERSHIP AND AMAZON."
"I and I eagerly awaited tasting this, but came away disappointed. Like many others have pointed,out, this comes accross as just a little too weak. At first I thought I had miscalculated the amount of water, but it takes two bags to make an 8 oz cup with acceptable body and flavor. It seems like a nice concept, but the execution is not there yet. Kudos for the attractive packaging and spirit behind the concept though."
"I bought 2 jugs of the 'new' Grape Cytomax. I read the ingredients information on the Amazon site, but when I went to use the product I now notice that it has a different formula and includes CAFFEINE. Some people like that. Others do not. Regardless, this should be clearly disclosed by Amazon. It is not. I can't comment on the taste as with caffeine I have dumped out the product - I don't want that for myself or my family."
"My dog loves these! I've only tried the salmon and peanut butter, I held off on the chicken due to other reviews saying it smells bad. I prefer the peanut butter by far, the salmon is a bit stinky. I noticed that my hands as well as my dog smelled fishy after giving him treats and petting for a job well done. Treat size is perfect although they do tend to dry out if you don't keep them in a well sealed container."
"I love this product, its a simple and great margarita, only thing I would change is to add 1L of tequila and not 750mL. The reason this gets 1 star is that it is marked up 150%! I can buy this for $9 dollars at the grocery or hardware store. Granted that is pricing for 1 bucket and this is for two. Don't buy this product here, see if you can find it locally or at another Amazon seller or website entirely."
I was hoping these would be the tougher more dry beef jerky medallions from gas stations. These are still ok tasting but are more of the jack links jerky stick type just shaped into a circle. It is more chewy and mushy than dry beef jerky which isn't what I wanted. I will just make sure to look at the brand at the gas station for my next purchase so I can get the dry type beef jerky.
"Like others have commented, Amazon has done a really poor job with the packaging on these. The 12-pack ships from Missouri, and I'm not sure what kind of storage facilities Amazon or UPS has, but the bars are completed melted by the time you receive them, which is very disappointing. When Amazon used to carry the sesame-peanut-chocolate in the 8-pack, the biggest complaint was that those bars were too tough to chew. Now they're just mushy. Bring back the tough bars!"
"I LOVE THIS STUFF. Really, I do. I have tried all of the flavors, but I haven't tried the original. I have to say, by far, pineapple is my favorite. Guava is a close second. Who am I kidding? I love them all! Despite what others say about it tasting best at room temperature, I find it tastes very refreshing and even better when on ice. If you want a natural, tasty alternative to water, this is for you."
"A friend of the family gave us some Bob's Red Mill whole flaxseed, and so I went looking for it on Amazon. Found this instead for a cheaper price--plus it's already ground for you! The product is fine, but the packaging is not; it's definitely not resealable. I must have tried thirty different times to seal that bag, and it wouldn't take. Thankfully we had some containers around to store it in, but it's rather inconvenient, especially with such a large quantity."
"Let me throw some confusion into the mix. I have a different take than the other two reviewers. I am not a tea drinker but I thought I'd give this a try when my husband brought it home. Honestly, I never even noticed the Omega 3 on the package and I especially didn't taste anything fishy in the tea (I don't like fish either). Anyway, I loved this tea. I even made it into a cold drink for guests and they liked it too."
This variety of tea has a stronger pick me up effect than the Oruro and the Caranavi varieties that I previously got from the same seller. This tea presents a finer grind and less fiber stems are present. Some tea bags contain a trace of anise that is quite pleasant. I understand that this is a seasonal crop so the characteristics I described above may change from year to year. The one they are selling now is very good.
"This waffle mix is good, and better than most, but it is grossly overrated. Yes, it smells absolutely AMAZING, but it is seriously lacking in flavor. Be prepared to doctor up this flour with flavor extracts, sugar, and extra oil. If you want to fill your house with a wonderful aroma, this is your answer. If you want to cook excellent waffles, change up the ingredients and experiment, of course you could do this all purpose flour for much cheaper."
"I really like pop chips, but this flavor isn't the best. I was expecting these to taste like chili peppers and lime (Spicy, Sweet, and Tart), but instead of going for a chili pepper taste, they went for a chili the food taste. This wouldn't be so bad, except they taste overwhelmingly of tomato and celery. The reason they didn't call them Tomato and Celery Chips is because it is sounds gross and no one would buy that, and unfortunately it tastes like it sounds."
"I used 5 Hour Energy after eight hours at work to complete a twelve hour day. My alertness and energy improved after about ten minutes.I felt great. It works better than a cup of coffee and I felt more alert and the effects lasted longer. I also had no jitters. I will definitely use this product from now on. I received a free sample of 5 Hour Energy from smiley360.<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005JMQEH2"">5 Hour Energy Energy Shots, Berry, 12 pk</a>"
"I don't like anything about this bar. It does not have rich chocolate taste I was hoping for and the sugar content is way too high. I'm used to a minimum of 85% cocoa content, but was looking for other bars with nuts. This bar does not have the crunchiness you would expect of such product. Going back to my smooth, rich, dark chocolate bars. BTW, the bulk is too expensive on amazon; it's cheaper to buy from walmart or your local grocery store."
"I am so pleased to find a supplier of TROLLI GUMMI BEARS. Penguin Mints is the supplier and I am very satisfied with their excellent service. I received the shipment very promptly and, despite the fact that it was during warm weather, the product arrived in perfect condition. They have my vote and I will always order from them. Tx Amazon for making my favorite candy available thru such an excellent supplier.<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000M15XPY"">Trolli Gummi Bears, 5 Lbs</a>"
"My two cats did not like this stuff at all. I thought I would treat them to a more pricey organic food and they would love me for it...not so...one looked at me like I was nuts...she wouldn't go near it, the other gave it a try and barfed right in the bowl. The chicken and brown rice had a very fishy smell, not good. Sorry Paul, great dressings but the cats give you a thumbs down."
"This is perfect for my needs. I am a huge fan of loose leaf teas, from very mild white teas to deep, rich, strong black teas. I realized the only thing missing from my inventory was a Jasmine tea that was almost identical to the ones served in finer Chinese eateries. And, voila, this Sunflower Jasmine fits the bill just as I had hoped. A nice, smooth, easy to drink tea that goes well with any meal. Couldn't be more pleased."
"I need hard sugar free candy to suck for dry mouth caused by medication I am on. I bought this candy without ever having tried them since I can't buy them locally. What a wonderful surprise to find that they have plenty of delicious flavor, they don't stick to teeth like other hard sugar free candy I have tried, and they don't dissolve instantly. They are very cheap compared to comparable candy in discount stores. This is a winner all the way around."
"I cannot imagine you'll find a better, more satisfying prepackaged- just add boiling water- red beans and rice dish anywhere. Each package is said to have (4) servings, more realistic would be 2 servings. Add andouille sausage and it is a feast. (I mentioned in the title of this review that Vigo red Beans/Rice is high in salt, it's 730mg per serving- which is high. recommended daily intake is 2,300mg...and I eat half the package totaling 1460mg)"
"I love this coffee! I am not a strong coffee drinker and this coffee is perfect! I have no problems with it working in my Cuisinart Keurig Brewer, I aways get the perfect tasting cup of coffee. I gave it 3 stars because one of the 2 packs contained only 13 K-Cups and not the 24 that it was supposed to have. The decaf 24-count (pack of 2) arrived with the correct amount of K-cups and is as yummy as the high test!"
The shipping was super fast but one of the only two stems was broken into half in the shipping package. The plant is still struggling to survive one month after it was shipped in. I later found the ZZ plant at a local IKEA furniture store selling for $14 with a much bigger size and way superior quality. A live plant going through a sealed package via distance would only be a good option if you could not find it at a local store.
"If you've got sensitive blood sugar, DO NOT eat Kind bars. They are certainly not Kind. I crashed on them a few times before I realized their ""glycemic index"" numbers were false and misleading. They pump a lot of sugar into these bars and then juke the numbers. The best alternative is Mrs. Mays Trio Bars. I've been eating them for the last two years and never crashed.<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002HFPW6I"">Mrs. May's Trio Bar Variety Pack, 1.2-Ounce bars (Pack of 20)</a>"
"This Clear Scalp & Hair ""Strong Lengths"" shampoo works well for my wife and for my daughter. They have been using this for about a week now and are generally pleased with the results. My daughter reports that she needs less of the shampoo than normal to get a good lather and her hair does look very nice. My wife is less enthralled, but still says that she likes how well it cleans her hair. Recommended! CFH"
"I got these for my 8 month old twins, who at the moment are very big on self-feeding (and not on spoon feeding haha). These are nice because they are bigger than the puffs and easier for them to hold on to. They are pretty good, basically just a healthier version of cheese curls though. My mother-in-law bought them the cinnamon maple flavor, and they are wonderful! I wish they had a variety 6 pack on Amazon so that we could try all the flavors!"
I was skeptical for good reason. How can a mix with 0 calories be any good....well it isn't. I wasn't expecting the taste to be as good as the real thing but it's absolutely awful. It's un-drinkable. I let 4 other people try it and overtime the same thing.... sip....1 second delay ..then the I really tasted something bad face. One person even spit it out into the sink. This stuff is gross. Its basically green colored splenda water. Don't waste your money.
"I really like this tea but I was exspecting to get what I was seeing. Pictured was a box of wu-yi tea with 4x's added extract and what I received was the 2x,s added extract version. I have had both and like both but prefer the 4x. I contacted swanson about the difference and they said I could return the item but their policy is that they are not responsible for amizons misrepresentation of the item. Makes me wonder if this is a common problem."
"Great for light to moderate chewers but if you have a serious chomper save the money and trouble picking up the pieces. My dogs love these, but must be watched closely so the heavy chomper doesn't steal it and destroy it. I wish he understood that he used to have one, but he ruined it. I bet a Border Collie would have figured that out, but then again, a Border Collie would have logged on and bought another."
"My dog used to LOVE these. I thought I was was giving him a great ""treat"", that was actually a supplement to improve his arthritis symptoms. Then, his liver enzymes were elevated, and he was becoming less active, and always thirsty. Thank goodness a friend sent me a link about the FDA warnings, 2-3 since, 2009! Hundreds of dogs have died,very painful and expensive deaths. If you love your dog-go to the FDA website yourself...and Do Not BUY these ""treats""!"
"I admit that I am only reviewing this here because of my frustration with this product. My store stopped carrying the old standby brand with the adjustable sift top and only carries this fancy labeled alternative now. The holes are simply too big for fine salt; you cannot get good control if you seek perfection in your seasoning. I have ruined more than one batch using this dispenser. Unless you are extremely careful, you will oversalt your popcorn."
"One of the few granola bars (especially individually packaged and not overly pricey) that meets my son's needs - gluten, dairy, egg, soy, and apple-free. They stand up to be carried around in my purse to always have a safe snack handy, unlike some that can crumble very easily. They have met both my taste test and his (he is almost 5) - and he turned down plenty of other ones before he settled on these."
"I've been buying these for years and my dog loves them. They make a great reward treat and they're easy to carry ... well, they used to be. I got a bag of crumbs this time. What happened to the nice little cubes? It's not the end of the world, but it makes them more difficult to stuff in your pocket as you go out the door -- unless you don't mind a pocket full of crumbs."
"I am so happy I made this purchase, my dog loves it. She takes it everywhere. She doesn't over do it with the chewing,but that's because I always make sure she has different options available to her to keep her entertained. Please remember that when giving a chewing toy, you are there to supervise, it's all trial and error, it works for some and not for others. This is a good toy, keeps her entertained and off my door frames!"
"The company gets a 5 star for rapid fast shipping and great customer service! The product gets a 5 star for the flavor. I can get addicted to this brand of Soan Papdi! If you are ""new"" to Indian Sweets and like the inside of a Butterfinger Candy bar, than you will love this. Not too sweet, and yet crispity, crunchity, delicately sweet with complex flavors of heaven! I will for sure be ordering this regularly. Warmly, Jackie"
I'll never take this again. I had at most half of one if these small bottles and experienced a lot of bloat( I noticeably got bigger) within a few minutes followed by lots of gas and stomach upset. It didnt taste bad and I didnt feel tired Just terribly uncomfortable.I dont even consider myself to have a sensitive stomach so im surprised and I didnt eat anything differently so I know it had to be the 5hour. I guess its not for everyone.
"Hidden Springs Vermont Maple Syrup is excellent! There isn't anything on the label that states that this is from anywhere else but Vermont...(some syrups that claim to be pure maple syrup also have labels that state that they may be a product of Canada or Vermont). The price per oz. is about 81 cents and as I use at least one ounce on my waffles, this bottle will last for about 16 servings. I will be buying this one again!"
I don't like to use instant foods. In fact I am kind of a health nut who grows wheat grass to juice and takes ginger shots to combat being sick when everyone else is. But sometimes you don't have time to cook a complete meal for your family in todays fast paced world. Velveeta Cheesy Skillets work. Tastes good out of the box and even better it you add a little parmesan cheese or spice it up your own sprinkling of seasonings. Works for me.
This product is an excellent addition to my morning protein shakes. I have used this product every morning for the last 45 days in my chocolate high protein shake to give it a Peanut Butter Chocolate Treat to it. Sometimes when I am craving a nighttime sweet dessert I use chocolate protein with the PB2 to create an amazing dessert to curb my cravings. This works great especially for those watching what you eat and trying to lose weight.
"I have started eating almonds as a healthy alternative to fatty or high-carb snacks, but wanted something to satisfy my sweet tooth on occasion. These Cocoa Roast almonds fit the bill nicely. They just have a dusting of cocoa, so there's no more fat or unhealthy stuff than you would find in regular almonds, but you still get a nice chocolate taste. They are just a little bit sweeter than I really want (I like dark chocolate, semisweet or bittersweet) but still a great once-in-awhile snack!"
Come on now. how can you make a 20th anniversary deluxe edition without having the original version. Not to say it is not a great movie but hey there is no need to edit the movie just so you can show it on disney channel. I mean no offense but did the producers of this movie say hey why not edit it like a CD so we can sell it at walmart. Come on where is the love of a good movie.
"I would have given this product five stars, but I didn't receive five boxes. We only received four boxes and they were delicious and weren't going to expire until the end of 2011. It was more fresh than cereal you buy at the store. However, contacting Amazon was very inconvenient and took a really long time to get it straightened out because of language barriers. We are trying it again and if we receive all five I'm sure I will give it five stars."
"This contains Soy, I wish It was mentioned in the details. Soy has many negative side effects, and its linked to a similiar to estrogen hormones which isnt good for men. ~PROS~ -Tastes Great -10g Protein -All natural -Gluten/Wheat Free -Low Glycemic Index(45) -3g FIBER -Non GMO, No transfats -Dairy/Cholesterol free ~Cons~ Contains Soy Crisp (Soy protein isolate, Tapicoa Starch) And Soy lecithin. Soy protein isolate is horrible Do a google search"
This brownie mix came to us in a gift box and we loved them so we bought a case. Since then we have problems with them. Are they supposed to be oily and come out bubbly and liquidy? i don't remember them doing that the first time. It's like they separate- baked on the edges and goo in the middle- and it doesn't matter how long they are baked. We still eat them but i wonder if there's something wrong or if we're doing something wrong?!!
"I bought this puppy food based on the other reviews. Unfortunately, this food not only made my puppy have bad gas but he also had loose bowel movements that he wasn't able to control. I hardly ever write reviews but I do rely on other reviews before I make a purchase. I would not recommend this food! I gave this item 1 star because I couldn't give it zero. Buyer beware and good luck cleaning up after your puppy."
"I got the peppered flavor and it tastes awful. It's spicy as heck but the pepper taste is so overwhelming that it totally ruins it. I got through about half a bag and not more then 2 pieces at a time. Totally disgusting. I like beef jerky and Jack Link's especially, just not this flavor. Anyone who is a health nut may not like this because it's loaded with MSG, though I think most beef jerky is."
"Flavor is light, mostly strawberry, as is the can. Switch is all-natural fruit juice, and the ingredients are a shortlist of -- well, carbonated fruit juice. Big thumbs up, when you compare the list on every other soft-drink can. The portion size is 8.3 oz., which probably less than you're used to in a canned drink. The Switch seems to me to be a wonderful flavor, satisfying. It was a pleasant experience without guilt. Try it and see for yourself."
"I typically drink my coffee as a latte (microwave a little skim milk, then use a frother), so the coffee is about 1/4 froth/milk. I also use a french press. The grind is a little fine for the french press - small pieces end up making it through the filter. The taste of the coffee is fine to me. The vanilla flavor is light. I don't love the coffee, but it's...OK. Not a ringing endorsement, but eh."
"The Graham Crackers here are the same ones I've enjoyed as a treat for the better part of my life. The difference here is that they're already ""separated"" into single squares. They're also packaged into smaller groups. You're getting the same number of crackers over all, but there are fewer of them grouped together in the wax paper bundles. So if you just want one or two crackers, you don't get as many sitting in an open pack getting stale between snacks."
"This is undoubtedly a nutritious rice. No matter how I ""doctor"" this rice, I really don't care for the taste. I bought it because I really enjoy the other whole grain blends. I like most other Rice a Roni brands. Please check out the ingredients before you purchase. It is an odd mixture for my taste buds. It is not a ""classical"" test at all.Nor is it representative of any chicken and herb I have tried."
"Would of given this 5 star if it was cheaper. I love the small cans for convenience but not willing to pay for the cost of it. I liked that their was no gagging fishy smell as some cat foods have. My cats loved this food and would of eaten 2 cans at a time if I let her. I will consider keeping this on hand for those times when I need the small can convenience. However, can not afford to purchase this all the time."
"The Jerky had a nice, seasoned flavor to it, but I did not really enjoy the consistency and texture of it. Rather than being chewy like other jerky I eat, it was much more crumbly. Another reviewer mentioned it, but I thought that I would try it myself because I enjoy trying new things. Not sure that I would recommend it to another jerky aficionado, but I have 3 more bags to eat and the flavor of the meat is good."
"While the cost on this item is sure to bring attention, I found the taste to be a little bland while the product was dryer then I am used to with jerky of this type. Please note this is for the ""Hot"" version of this product (there are three flavors and I have not tried the other two so your millage may very on the other flavors) Shipment was fast and packaging was A1. Perhaps I'll give the other flavors a try."
"I am afraid this was a huge mistake. The cardboard shrink wrapped box was wet, moldy, and falling apart. The cans inside were bent, covered in fuzzy black mold, wet, and I couldn't get them out of the house fast enough. Our dogs eat pumpkin and we go through a lot, so I was happy to see that Amazon could provide us with a case. I would not recommend this product - it is a health hazard!"
"The crab meat layer on top is about a 1/4"" (I'm being generous in my measurement)w/ the rest being tuna and a substantial share of broth. Of course my cats loved it and each devoured a whole can. I felt it was quite overpriced for tuna and will not purchase again. I think it's much more cost-effective to buy a can of Phillip's crab meat from the grocery store so my cats and I can both enjoy it."
"This is one of my favorite quick lunches on a busy day. I make the soup, cut up a few carrot sticks, warm up a couple of flour tortillas and I've got a quick, nicely spicy, mexican meal. I also keep a couple in my purse when I'm traveling on airplanes. The stewardess gets me a cup of boiling water, I pour in the soup, and I've got a much better snack than those $5 meals they sell you on the plane."
"Well I havent actually ordered this product, and frankly Im not going to, I know that in some cases that flat rate shipping is standard, but paying MORE to ship it than to buy it is well just stupid! it weighs 1.5 lbs and costs $9.75 to ship when the product is only $8.50 in the first place! Shipping rates need to come back down I know that people need to make money somewhere but do you really have to make money on the shipping?"
"I bought the new mini version of these, and was delightfully surprised, being that I was actually on the verge of splurging on a chocolate kreme donut. This is by no means a fresh bakery cake, but for what it's worth as a convenient microwave treat, your imagination can take you the rest of the way. It covers your bases for soft and fudgy. Try adding a little bit of coffee with the water for a nice little mocha flavor."
"I've been living and riding in Florida for 6 years and came across Sport Beans as a great alternative to PowerBars, Gels, Blocks and Gu's a few years or so ago. They are great. Not a ton of energy - only 70 - 100 calories per pack, but they restore some electrolytes and they don't make a mess of your pockets or fuel packs. Sport Beans hold up in the heat of summer and that is a great thing!!"
"Wow, i am shocked to find clear plastic pieces in the jars. The other posters say they notified Earth's Best about this in August and they are still selling it without checking or recalling!! No more earth's best for my little guy. I am taking my business elsewhere and I am very sad that organic company is selling baby food with plastic and bpa in their jars. They gotta do better than this to get my business."
"the pre-measured bags are quick and convenient, but the popcorn is too salty for my taste buds. I made several batches for my daughter's slumber party. Some kids liked the popcorn, and some kids thought it was too salty and didn't eat it. Unless you like very salty popcorn, I would look for another brand. Lastly, it wasn't as fresh tasting like at our local movie theatre, which uses Orville Redenbacher. I'm going to google and see what Orville Redenbacher makes for kettle popcorn makers."
"There are to things I really like to snack on and that's, Jerky and Spicy Stuff. Believe it or not, these beef stick's have a little spice to them(not a lingering spicy).The reason I gave these a 3 of 5 STARS, is because I make my own Beef and Deer Jerky and although these Jalapeno and Cheese are something different and tasty, they come nowhere close to my awsome homemade jerky made from steak, not ground beef part's such as (beefheart)."
"I bought this based on the Coffee-Mate brand name, and some good reviews here on Amazon. So tonight I decided to give it a try in my best coffee mug. This Italian Sweet flavored Coffee-Mate has a strong artificial and chemical taste. I like the standard unflavored Coffee-Mate, and will stick to that in the future. My mistake was not trying one container of this stuff in the supermarket first. Come to think of it, I've never seen it sold there."
"I was looking for packets of dressing to take with me when I travel. Recently I was on a trip and none of the restaurants had dressing for my salad that I wanted. Everything available was a vinagrette which I do not like. These are very handy and small enough to take anywhere. Also very handy for taking a salad to work for lunch. No need to refrigerate or have to mess up a storage container. Flavor is satisfactory, but not gourmet."
"I got these because they seemed great for travel and I loved that they're organic. That said, the ONLY good thing about them is that they're organic and have no HFCS. Besides that, they're gross. They have added sugar. To be perfectly honest, they taste exactly like very watered down Kool Aid. My little ones hated them as well. We couldn't even finish the boxes we bought and brought them to my work to give away instead. TOTALLY not worth the money. Totally."
"I liked the fact that this product has a simple ingredient list and I could find gluten and dairy free protein bars. So after hearing much about these, I decided to try them. I tried various flavors, but still I just don't like them. The texture is probably the worst part, I just find it gross and gummy. As for taste, they're rather bland. I think there are better tasting healthy options out there. As for me, I won't be purchasing these again."
Roland has always been a product line i could trust. Full integrity all the way through. These snails are no exception. However - do NOT be put off by the description 'very large'. We serve them in a baking dish (for our convenience and easier clean up - but I wager the larger snail shell could easily accomodate two snails... DOUBLE the pleasure and the same preparation time. How good are they? We buy Roland by the case!
"I tasted the pineapple flavor yesterday at a friend's cocktail party. She used it to mix with rum to make pina coladas. It complimented the drink so well!! The bottles are really pretty to set up and hand out at a party as well =) I have been drinking Vita Coco for a while now and usually drink the 100% pure, but I find the flavors to be such a treat (yet still very healthy)! Especially after a long workout."
"I grew up eating King syrup in Delaware and as I moved several times I would always have family and friends bring me a bottle while visiting. Recently, this syrup is no longer available in Delaware so I was glad to find it on Amazon.com. Although it arrived in plastic bottles instead of the traditional glass bottles, the taste (quality) remains the same. I ordered a six pack and only have 2 as family and friends grabbed bottles as I opened the package."
"<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000ILEITA"">Blue Dog Bakery Natural Low Fat Dog Treats, Assorted Flavors, 20-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 6)[Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging</a>] It is a healthy and high quality treat for your dog(s) if given reasonably--anything in excess with a treat for dogs is something you should avoid. The price is reasonable...especially if you purchase it from Amazon in automatic shipments. However, if you do, beware that if you make changes in the quantity there is a high probability of error and duplicate shipments."
"I picked up a few flavors of Zevia at the health food store & I had really high hopes for this. I also use stevia regularly in coffee & tea, so I know what the sweetener is supposed to taste like. This doesn't remind me of stevia at all & gives a weird aftertaste. The aftertaste just kind of sits on the back of your tongue & stays there. The natural ginger flavor wasn't too tasty either."
"This was a decent meal and not as salty as I thought it would be. I also liked the fact that is wasn't too runny. I could have done without the dehydrated broccoli. None of the kids threw their meal out, but they didn't ask me to get it again. It is rather bland, but you could spice it up by omitting their broccoli and adding fresh. Also a sprinkle of pepper flakes would wake it up a bit."
The traps are mostly functional but the wires that engage the trigger are too soft so they bend easily and are not of uniform length causing them to bend while setting and tripping. I have some of the same model traps from 20 years ago that still work and were made to much higher quality standards. These will be lucky if they last one season. Cheapening the product is not a good way to sell more.
"This was a really nice flavored dark chocolate. My family of five each tried and enjoyed it, even my teenage son who doesn't normally enjoy dark chocolate. As a family we agreed that it is really good chocolate. However if Hershey's Dark Chocolate is cheaper, we would still by the Hershey's as we all agreed its very comparable in taste. That said, if organic is something you are looking for in your chocolate, you can't go wrong with Newman's Organic Chocolate Bar."
"I LOVE THIS TASTY TULLY'S KONA BLEND EXTRA-BOLD, 18 COUNT K-CUPS (FOR KEURIG BREWERS)COFFEE!! THE STRENGTH IS SO EXTRA GOOD & BOLD, THAT (BELIEVE IT OR NOT) I CAN GET 2 ""tea-size cups"" OUT OF 1 K-CUP. MAYBE YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW THIS, BUT SINCE I'M AGE 78, ON LIMITED INCOME, I'M VERY HAPPY TO ""save"" MONEY, YET STILL ENJOY THIS WONDERFUL COFFEE!! THANKS MUCH. I WILL CONTINUE TO ORDER THIS KONA BLEND, EXTRA-BOLD COFFEE. I LIKE IT. from lcbs88keys@Gmail.com"
"I am a person who has NEVER drank tea. I've tried many different teas and have never liked any. I also have moderate stomach issues so thought I'd try this tea. I will admit it took me a couple cups of tea to get hooked, but once I did I found the taste wonderful and the calming effect on my stomach is a big help. I drink one cup every night after dinner. If I'm away from home I bring some tea bags with me."
"The addition of Lemongrass with the Green Tea had always made this my favorite of all green teas I have ever had. I couldn't wait to brew it and smell the amazing aroma as well as enjoy the taste. It was my comfort tea. But the tea has changed. And I can't get used to the new taste. It just does not satisfy like it did. <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000F6SNQM"">Good Earth Green Tea Lemongrass, Tea Bags, 20-Count, Boxes Net Wt 1.3 Oz (Pack of 6)</a>"
"Five of my five dogs agree - they'd rather munch liver biscotti than almost anything else. I pull out a treat and they come running. It cheers 'em up, encourages them to obey, lets 'em know I love 'em, and got me over some really rough training spots with my 90 pound puppy!!! And in a few instances when I've been slow producing the goodie, they've cornered me and dug in my pocket themselves! I think it's a hit!"
"I have really fine hair and I don't think this conditioner was a good choice for me. It was as easy to use as most instant conditioners. My hair felt over conditioned and their was some build up after just using it once. It was impossible to style after using this. My hair was flat, flat, flat and sort of oily looking. In all fairness, this might be a great product for dry and damaged hair that is frizzy or heavy but that isn't my issue."
I was expecting this coffee to have a stronger vanilla taste - to taste more like a French Vanilla cappuccino. I could barely taste the vanilla. I added a little white chocolate syrup and it helped bring out the vanilla flavor a little more. If you want a definite vanilla flavor I would suggest passing on this one. Luckily I tried one from a variety pack I got with our machine before I opened the whole box I bought. I will be returning the box.
"I love PB and eat way too much of it. I have tried Walden Farms salad dressings and liked them, so thought it was worth giving thier peanut spread a try. What a mistake, I couldn't wait to get it out of my mouth. I brought it to work for my co-workers to try, since they also like this brands salad dressing, but they all had the same reaction that I did. There isn't enought jelly in the world to make this edible."
"I have never had packaged chestnuts before, but fresh ones are never sold where I live now and I decided to try this. It was horrible compared to the real thing. I can't compare these to other brands of preserved chestnuts, but the flavor was strange and I was surprised to find the chestnuts dark brown and sticky. Then I found a chestnut covered in a green film of mold. Needless to say, I will not be purchasing these again."
A cup of Yogi green tea is a great way to take a break during the day and just take a moment to relax. The blueberry tea is supposed to help with detoxing your body (which is essential to a healthy inside and outside) and it helps give you energy so you will feel invigorated when you are working out (be it at the gym or yoga studio). In a word: Yum! A delicious tea to enjoy anytime :)
"I first reviewed this product last year (now 2008, but showing original date for some reason). I used them for traveling, eating on the go, and for portion control. Great! Amazon has since raised the price by more than $5 and it is cheaper for me to buy them at the grocery store individually. Also, they took out the Kashi. There is too many regular Special K containers. The Smart Starts, which I do eat, are similar so it doesnt feel like an ""assortment"" any more."
"Black Tiger makes a good cup of coffee, but not great. It's got a bit of a bite and could be a little smoother. I really enjoy a rich, robust coffee and was hoping for that according to the name--just a bit disappointed. I have found Timothy's Rainforest Extra Bold Espresso K-Cup a much more satisfying cup. The 50 pack in the simple brown box, though, is a great idea--there's enough waste with the K-cups that the simpler the outer packaging, the better."
"This is one of the best tasting protein bars in existence, I kid you not. The interior is fluffy, practically like the inside of one of those peanut butter easter eggs. The chocolate coating is just ok, and tends to melt in anything other than cool temperatures. The downer is that the main sweetener is malitol, which causes seriously stinky gas if you are sensitive to it. It IS a natural sweetener, but that doesn't mean it's all good...."
"Wonderful company...fabulous quality, but gave my cat diarrhea. I was disappointed because he suffers from terrible gas and I tried this food with him to try to eliminate that, and it did...it was a miracle, but after waiting and waiting to see if his diarrhea would clear up, I finally had to take him off it because the mess was just awful. Have him back on original, chicken and brown rice recipe...still has terrible gas :( Any suggestions? He really could clear a room!"
"This product is absolutely great. Here's a suggestion, you could buy this as a gag gift (I did) or if you want to spice up a party (say work or birthday), I'm sure it'll be a hit! I would recommend this to anyone who loves the spicier things in life. The only thing I believe they can do is make it a product that's even hotter. (I don't know if it exists), but this'll be good for now... :)"
"Product tastes fabulous! I ordered these with a Fair Trade spicy hot cocoa, and this is by far better! Even though it contains instant dry milk. Wish I had to use my own milk, as I sometimes like to use water over milk, especially when I'm sick and milk is not good to have when you're sick. The only other complaint is that the bag is difficult to use. A can would be much more user-friendly."
"Based on the mostly positive reviews, I purchased it. Well, believe the negative reviews. The cheap (think dollar store) glass teapot WITHOUT strainer holds 18 ounces. Since I just received this yesterday, I only used one flower which failed to bloom and the tea flavor was not impressive. The concept is unique, but way too pricey for what you get. As for the bamboo box, it is pretty but not really sufficiently sturdy to store anything except very light weight items."
"Even though these say medium shells and they have a good flavor they are really teeny tiny. Like maybe the size of my pinky fingernail puny. Okay for a soup where they can expand to maybe index finger size after hours in broth, but not for any hearty pasta dish. I'd buy their other whole grain pastas without hesitation because the taste and texture for whole wheat is decent, but will skip these little guys next time."
"I like a good strong coffee, but I did not enjoy this. The flavor was strong and bitter, yet not very aromatic. It's acidic, a little sour to the tongue. The only way I can enjoy this is adding a lot of milk to it to mellow it out. Perhaps over a cup of ice. On the bright side, it is not sweet, so you can customize your own sweetness. I enjoyed the cappuccino flavor a lot more."
"I really enjoy these energy shots. My husband has a bad reaction to sucralose and most energy shots have it in them but these don't. They really do give me several hours of energy without a crash and I feel great. The only thing I don't like about them is the taste. If you've ever had a glucose test and they give you that nasty orange drink, that's what this tastes like. Perhaps I'll try a different flavor next time."
"I bought a box of Grove Square ""medium roast"" for $10.00. I thought, what a great price for K-Cup coffee. Ya right! When I opened the box I thought that the cups were very light. Of course their light, they are filled with instant coffee! For the amount of ""instant"" coffee that I got for $10 I could have bought 2 jars at the same price and got 100 times the same type of coffee. I expect REAL coffee when I pay around 50c a cup."
"My 70+ pound puppy loves this bone, and it's been months since I bought it. The mint stuffing was gone within a couple hours of course. The nice thing about this kind of bone is that you can freshen it up in lots of ways - stuff in a piece of cheese, spritz some spray butter (or even Pam) on it, pour the dregs of your vegetable soup on it, etc., and the dog will fall in love with it again and again. :)"
"I have been using Clear shampoo along with Clear conditioner to care for my long hair. The scent and texture do not stand out in any way, but what I look for is results. I consider my shampoo a positive success if it helps me avoid split ends and dry, flaky scalp. So far, my hair looks great. I continue to get compliments on my silky, shiny hair, so the shampoo is doing its job. I like it."
"Great for any kind of stuff toy. Put your toy in the freezer after you've stuffed it to make it a little trickier for your dog to empty it. I don't know that I'd use it with an overweight dog--lots of calories. There is a reduced calorie version for Senior dogs, but it's not always to easy to find. Look around and you will be able to find the regular flavors in bulk for a much better price."
"This ""no sugar added"" version of Nesquik has significantly less sugar in it than the regular Nequik product. It tastes good and a little bit goes a long way to adding chocolate flavor to an average cup of milk so a cannister lasts quite a while. If you want to treat yourself or your kids to chocolate milk once in a while without promoting tooth decay and other problems related to high sugar content, this is the product to buy."
"So a canned cappuccino? Okay. And it's pretty much what it is, a milk-flavored canned coffee with some sweetness to it. The coffee flavor is okay, but nothing rich or textured or deep. I mean, what would you expect in a canned coffee, I suppose? The can is portable and thin, so it should fit in a bag or purse, and if you're ever prevented from carrying a thermos or Starbucks cup somewhere, but they allow sealed beverages, you could do worse than this."
"My pups LOVE this food! WELLNESS products have consistently proven to be top of the line food for dogs and cats and their Chicken Stew is no exception! This is so well made and although the sauce is kinda slimy, it is a healthy slimy and one that nourishes my dearest of creatures! Please note that this food is not meant as a dish all unto itself, but rather, it is a food topper to go with dry food nuggets. Together the nutrition abounds!"
"The ginger snaps had a nice, not too sweet flavor balanced with a good amount of ginger spiciness. But overall I wasn't impressed. The cookies tasted a bit stale and were incredibly hard, although I am not sure if they were overbaked, old or somehthing else. Although they are organic the cookies left a funny aftertaste and I was incredibly thirsty after eating a few of these. I don't recommend these snaps and would rate them as mediocre."
"Not you typical run of the mill ginger cookie dipped in chocolate. Given the fact that this is gluten free product which has a unique taste all its own, it may take some getting use to. Texture wise, its not bad and the dark chocolate is great, its those initial first bites where your goin.. 'uh, this is weird? If your a fan of gluten free products, or have to have them due to health issues, this product is at least worth the try."
"I purchase a variety of organics for my family to minimize the chemicals, herbicides, pesticides and fungicides. Apparently, organic certification does NOT include the restriction of BPA or Bisphenol-A. BPA is in many canned foods including this canned organic pumpkin manufactured by Farmers Market as of April, 2010. Read about there acknowledgment. BPA has recently been banned by New York State for products intended for children. With that said, do the homework. [...] [...]"
"I read the other two reviews prior to buying this product and still decided to buy it anyway, my reason for this was because the other two reviewers preferred artificially flavored extracts (read closely, the brands they refer to sell artifical flavors). If you prefer artifical flavored anything (artifical vanilla, coconut, almond, etc) then natural flavors will always come across as soft. I bought the extract and was very happy with it. It has a natural hazelnut taste, and now my hazelnut cookies taste amazing :)"
This cream is more for normal to oily skin rather then dry/mature skin. It goes on nicely and gets absorbed quickly. It leaves a nice smooth feel on your skin like the more expensive creams do. However this cream has an overpowering sweet jasmine smell. The smell does not fade. People will only smell your face cream. This could be used as face cream/cheap perfume. I thought I can get used to the smell but it's too strong and rather unpleasent.
"I had eliminated treats from my dog's diet when she started to lose her ""girlish"" figure. Turns out most treats have a lot of calories. Luckily I found she loves to eat apple slices - which gives her a little variation from her regular dry food. But since I was hoping to give her an occassional added treat I was pleased to find these sticks. She likes them, the ingredients look fairly healthy, and I don't mind giving her one every now and then."
"I love Gerber organic products like this which combine veggies and/or fruits. I bought one of the ""Farmers Market"" from the regular grocery store to make sure my 8 month old liked it, which he did. I bought a case from Amazon, but the consistency was like soup, very runny unlike the one I bought from the store. Heating it up made it worse. Maybe it was a fluke, but the second case from Amazon ordered a few months later had the same problem."
"I was looking for popcorn with less hulls. Have been using Oroville R's microwave popcorn for years and have noticed more and more hulls which are not great for the teeth! I found the Amish country popcorn somewhat as advertised. The purple were tasty with larger kernels. However, the smaller kernels did poorly in air popper. Kernels kept flying out because of being so much smaller and lighter weight. Did like the taste and give an A+ for less hulls."
"I never bought this candy online but I bought it at an oriental store for one reason only. The first reason is because the name of the candy and the makers of the candy. My name is Chelsea and my last name is very similar to Meiji. It was lest than a dollar so I just bought it. To my surprise, this candy is pretty damn good. Plus, gets laughs when people that know me take a look at the box."
"The beads provide a nice tingly texture to the lather and it has a nice smell, which isn't too overpowering. I don't care for it as a face wash, but for a body wash it does what it advertises. The smell isn't too feminine or overpowering, it lathers up well, and does a good job of cleaning without leaving a residue or film. Four stars because it doesn't work for us well as a face wash, but does a good job of cleaning other bits."
"it's not your typical pretzel. I don't eat much pumpernickel, so it took me half a bag to get used to. after that, I liked it. I don't like that it comes in a pack of 12; these are regular sized packs. I was hoping for snack size packs. Anyway, the best thing about this is that it is good fer ya and has a different flavor; it's always good to play with the palette a little. world peace!"
"I read many recommendations for Maldon and how it is a great finishing salt. Looked all over at my local Whole Foods, grocery stores and gourmet shops. Whole Foods didn't carry it and the gourmet shop sold it for much more than Amazon. So far I have used it on sauteed and roasted vegetables and a tomato and cucumber salad - delicious and a noticeable difference compared to the regular sea salt I was using (Kirkland brand)."
"These are so nice and creamy! Usually I don't justify buying k-cups for things like cocoa that you can get cheaper in a packet, but this is so convenient and very good tasting .. way better than most powdered cocoa packets I've tried. As far as price comparison, it is equivalent to gourmet-types of cocoa that would easily cost $1+ per packet. I also like that it comes in a variety pack with 3 flavor options. Highly recommend"
"We are long time fans of All Bran Buds, but decided to try Smart Bran because of the excellent reviews this product received and because it is organic. We were not dissappointed. It is less dense than All Bran Buds and tastes delicious. We are not ready to totally give up on the All Bran Buds, but Smart Bran is now a nice addition to our pantry and we are getting ready to order our next 6 boxes through Amazon!"
"My kids love these and like other reviews said, ask to take them. The only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is the serving size is 4 gummies. Most of the vitamins I have tried with my kids are one or two pills a day. I will continue to give my kids these because they really love them. I just wanted people to know that due to the serving size, the bottle doesn't last as long as you think."
"For those of us who have nut and peanut sensitivities, we are always looking for some tasty spread, and this pumpkin seed butter fits that bill. The green color might put you off, but don't let it! It tastes wonderful, slightly salty and very flavorful. I spread it on organic brown rice cakes, sprinkle a bit of cinnamon on top with a few raisins and some raw sunflower seeds - tastes awesome...!!! What a wonderful snack or desert and high in protein and very nutritious... :)"
"The Starbucks Via Iced Caramel is gross. I can't even stomach my first glass of it. I'm a HUGE fan of the regular Iced Via's and drink them daily. I made this with the same amount of water (1 water bottle) and could see immediately that the color was very pale in comparison. I hardly taste any coffee at all, just an overwhelming fake caramel flavoring and WAY too much sugar. Will be tossing the rest and sticking with the original flavor!"
"Community's coffee is wonderful, the only problem with this shipment is 1 of 10 packages received on had lost its vacuum pack seal making the package soft to the touch and the coffee not as fresh as the other 9 packages. The vacuum pack removes the air so the package is rock hard solid and the coffee keeps its freshness. I grew up on Community coffee; these days I ship it to family members all over the US."
"My husband and I agree that this brew is really ordinary. If you don't like espresso, or strong coffee, this blend if for you! It reminds me of the coffee I used to drink before finding Lavazza, an Italian coffee we've drunk since 2007 when we came home from France with memories of that divine espresso. Now, we've gotten lazy and enjoy the Starbucks VIA italian roast instant coffee--the key to our appreciation being the strong but NOT BITTER flavor."
"I love coffee and this past year..April, I developed bad GERD...I burned my esophagus from the acid. So now no Coffee. I am so glad to have found this. I use cream and sugar and never drank strong coffee...so I liked it. But I tried Cafix too, and it has a bit more of a coffee flavor...I use both, and I even had a Cappacino in Italy after I got well !! Still no chocolate tho...bummer! Jan"
"Our Golden Retriever has had a tender stomach since he was a puppy. He had many episodes of diarrhea and vomiting. A thorough checkout with the vet revealed no other causes other than food intolerance. We went through many different brands. He would always eventually become intolerant. Then, a few years ago, we found Nature's Variety Prairie. Problem solved. Our Aussie loves it too. Now, by subscribing, we save quite a bit per bag when compared to buying it from pet supply shops."
"Ive been looking for a long time a sumatra that has an earthy taste like caribous sumatra from about 10 years ago. Caribou used to have a really good sumatra but they changed there sumatra. While this coffee above is very very good, it is not the sumatra I was looking for. But that being said, this coffee was very fresh and not bitter. I would definitively recommend this coffee If anyone knows about a earthy sumatra, Im all ears"
"Our family found Stash's Double Bergamot in a grocery store, tried it, loved it --and lost it. Seems stores have limited shelf space and rarely carry ""specialty"" items like the Double Bergamot Earl Grey. If you like Earl Grey, you will adore the Earl with Double Bergamot. Very distinctive flavor. Unique! Thankfully Amazon sells the six-pack of this special tea, which we get on automatic delivery so we never run out. Priced better than the local stores."
"I'm a fan of all kinds of teas so it's easy to give them a thumbs up. The single pouches are what I use to take with me to work or camping which cuts down on space AND lets me share with others easier. Great product at home or on the go for sure. They do have strings, staples and paper tags which is why I only gave it a 4 star. Eliminate those wasteful parts and they're a five star for sure."
"You don't need Himalayan salt. They're gouging the price of some salt they mined in Asia to confuse you into buying their product. I'm not satisfied with the ass-backwards way they market salt as a ""healthy alternative"" to regular salt. Sea salt is just as good as ""Himalayan salt"" if not better, and it costs about $1.50 for twice the amount as this 18 ounce bag of junk. It's a marketing scheme. Do your research about salt instead of falling for this scam."
"I should have paid closer attention to the weight... my bad!! My local stores carry this item in the 2.62 oz. container for less than $3, I should have gotten it there!! It was not clear this would be 6 of those for $18+. I have purchased a single container approx. 28 oz. and thought this was what I was getting. Wrong!! Another review tagged this as a good buy! NOT!! Do your own research! I'm assuming the product is OK, but, I paid TOO MUCH!!!"
"Okay first, I'll admit, I have no idea what I thought this ""should"" taste like. I guess like chicken, only not, but then I don't even really remember what real chicken soup tastes like anymore since I haven't eaten chicken in 5+ years now. But anyway, I tried this and thought it was just nasty. I can't really describe it, other than that after the first sip I poured the rest of it down my sink drain and the sesame seeds clogged it. :("
I should have known better than to take a chance on a new cat food bought over the internet. Sophie (my cat)just gobbles up every bit of sauce and leaves all the chicken in the bowl. When I tried to cut up or mash the chicken I realized just how dry and tough it is and don't much blame her for not wanting to deal with it. You just never know if a cat is going to like something or not.
"I bought this gum at a local 7-11, but I wanted to review it for the flavor for anyone who is interested in the mystery. It's a fruity flavor like a lime zest sort-of. It's definitely a mix of things, but I would categorize it as a fruit flavor. It reminds me of the old Fruit Stripe zebra gum. It's good, not great, but a solid fruity gum. Flavor does not last as long as the mint flavors."
"Two times this has occured. What is advertised in the product name is not what is received in product ""name"" as stated above. What it says on Amazon, packaging of this cat food shows Active Maturity Hairball, and what is received is ""Mature Adult Hairball"". Please correct and please package the package of five bags so that the box fits the product some with proper padding, and the box is not ripped open when received due to the over sized box and no padding sufficient."
"The beans: Delicious, not too salty, plenty of flavor. The cans: The 24 cans are sitting in a single layer in a shallow cardboard flat (like the bottom half of a box) wrapped in plastic. This flat will probably be loosely included in a larger carboard box with little additional packaging (e.g, some crumpled butcher paper). End result - you may wind up with 18 cans with dents of various severity, that will leave you wondering how long they will remain safe to eat."
"They're delicious, but after I ate a few handsful, a couple hours later I started to feel really sick. I spent the whole rest of the day suffering painful gastrointestinal distress. I believe this is an occasional side-effect of the sugar substitute (branded Lycasin(tm)). If you don't have a problem with Lycasin, go right ahead and munch away. If you don't know, I'd try them in small quantities first to make sure they don't cause you any problems."
"I happen to love acai and blueberries. So I was happy with this juice. Heck I'd even use it as a mixer. My family, not so much. One of them referred to it as my ""Enya Juice."" Clearly I was being made fun of for being ""earthy"" and perhaps tree hugging. I let this one go. I settled for fresh oj not made from concentrate. Everyone is happy and I still get to be secretly earthy... And make good screwdrivers."
"These are great chips! I also like the red chips. UNFORTUNATELY, Amazon ships these out in the vendor boxes which are very flimsy. All of the chips end up broken. It's so funny -- everything else Amazon sends out is in rugged Amazon boxes -- sometimes the item inside is in the vendor box so you get double protection. The items that should be double boxed (chips) don't get any protection at all and they are the most fragile."
"I am so impressed with this sipping chocolate. I thought it would be too sweet, judging from the sugar content listed in the nutrition facts, but it's just right. This tastes like sipping a melted bar of 80% dark chocolate, it's so rich and creamy. I drink one packet a day as a treat to myself and it's more than enough to keep me satisfied without sneaking other sweets. I will re-order when I run out!"
"I'd already tried a couple of other varieties of this line and had liked them, so I expected to like this flavor as well, However, this tea has an unpleasant flowery aftertaste that makes it feel as though I'm drinking perfume. After a sip of this flavor, I feel like I need something else to drink because something about it just leaves me feeling thirstier than before. Maybe it's a taste some people enjoy, but it's not one I will be buying again."
Smokey and Patches really seem to like this cat food. I trust it because it is made my Purina. i bought this at my local dollar store for a buck twenty five. This is much better than the store brand food. They tend to be full of bone meal which can cause illness in cats. A cat needs to eat less of a good cat food than a cheap kind. Because it has more nutrients it.
"If you're feeding a large family, or use water chestnuts often, this is a good choice. These water chestnuts are reasonably priced. They don't seem quite as flavorful as some brands, but when used in stir-fry, they take on the flavor of the other ingredients, and add a nice crunch factor. I've also added a can to a pound of snow peas, and cooked them together in a little olive oil with salt and pepper, for a nice side dish."
"My baby seems to like it okay. It is grainy but I imagine most powder formulas are. We have only tried one other Organic formula and it went bad before we were half way through with the canister. This one I could buy at Target for a fairly reasonable price, seems like I can find it cheaper there than on Amazon. The smell is mild compared to the other brand we tried. I have no complaints so far."
"I am not sure what has changed about this food, but my poor dog has been nothing but sick on this food, and she used to do well on it. I have noticed whenever I feed it to her, her stomach growls, she gets sick, and then she has uncontrollable diarrhea. I would not recommend it, get a better food. After I started looking around, it sounds like this food has caused a lot of illness and sometimes deaths in dogs."
"I purchased this tea because it is recommended for helping women's PMS symptoms and menopause symptoms. I've only had one cup of it, so I can't say if it has helped my symptoms or not. I have purchased other teas of this brand. I would recommend their teas. I wasn't crazy about the taste of the red clover, but that is just my personal opinion. It's a little bitter but bearable. Add some sugar and you're good to go."
"Extend a bar appears to reduce my blood glucose number if i consume @8 p.m.nightly. As a substitute for my normal nightly snack it appears to force my number down. For the longest time my blood glucose number stayed the same at 7 .am. as it was at 10 p.m. with no food intake. I endorse this product based upon my experience. By the way,it is not to be confused with any candybar (powerbar) on the market."
nice organic seed. Will need to order a larger quantity next time to try to get the costs down a bit I'm still somewhat new to wheatgrass so learning lots and lots. Craig Update: I have since noticed lots of bugs in the seed. Since this is my first experience I am not sure if this is normal or not? Does anyone have any experience with this? Would love some feedback? I have pictures if anyone wants to see them...
"My cat loves this food, but this particular flavor, beef and salmon, is a bit strong when it comes to the smell. I had to wash my hands more than once to get the smell entirely off. Now the problem is that my cat reeks of fish, she smells like a walking tuna sandwich. If you're okay with that, by all means get it, but I'm going to avoid this one in the future because I can't stand her smelling like this all the time."
I use this gravy mix when I make beef and noodles and beef stew. I stir a few packages into the beef stock or broth that I am cooking these in in the crockpot and toward the end it has thickened enough to be the gravy that I use or sometimes I have to add another package or two and turn the heat up for a few minutes. At any rate it gives both a wonderful flavor.
"For starters, the tree came surprisingly fast and looked beautiful. It came in perfect condition. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that unfortunately, they did not send the ceramic pot. We live in Missouri and it was already 3:15 so we were not able to call. I will update when I call. I'm not saying it's a bad product, it's great! It's just that they made a tiny mistake. If you're looking for a good starter kit, this is it!"
"What I like about his product is that I recognize all the ingredients listed on the back. That's a lot more than I can say for most dog products. I also like that is is made in the U.S. Sorry, but I won't buy any products from China any more for my dogs---too risky. I haven't used it long enough to determine whether it really works for my dog, but the ""yum"" factor is there for him; I'll update the review later."
"Honestly, if you want an excellent pecan pie,find a decent recipe, make your own dough, put fresh ingredients in it, and make it yourself. Otherwise, the dough is going to taste stale and the filling, mediocre. I have found no exceptions to this rule except a company called The Grand Traverse City Pie Company out of Michigan, that makes pies as good as homemade (and no, I am not in any way connected with them). And they do not sell online or by mail."
"Yellow grits have not been available in our local supermarkets for quite some time, so when I needed some to make my new favorite, Zea's Corn Grits, I searched online. The first brand that I tried made much of being ""stone ground"", but the texture when cooked was too coarse for the dish. These Arrowhead Mills Organic Yellow Corn Grits were my second purchase, and they have the perfect texture. They cook quickly and are full of good corn flavor. Highly recommended."
"This is very good made as is, wonderful with some chopped veggies added: celery, sauteed onion, bell pepper. I bought it super cheap on clearance but will pay full price in the future. I learned to cook at age 10 with the help of ""Kroger helper"" but have since given up most convenience foods for health and ""foodie"" reasons. Nice to know there are some good alternatives... P.S. Make a double batch because it reheats well!"
"I bought this from my local market. My husband liked it. I happened to notice this morning when looking at the tea bag wrapper, it containted PEANUTS! No mention of that allergen was listed on the outside of the box. I fired off an email to Stash already. It seems Amazon got it listed correctly. All of my tea has now been trashed. Watch out since Stash does not seem to label the outside of their boxes."
"Even though I hate sugar in any coffee beverage, this is pretty good. At 45 calories a can, there are probably 3 teaspoons of sugar. That's kinda hefty, but it doesn't taste that sweet. While it has a pretty strong flavor, it certainly doesn't have the robust, fresh ground flavor one may expect from Illy. And, it tastes like it's been sitting in a can, because it has. Maybe they'll ship in glass and solve the metal aftertaste issue?"
"The package was not delivered up to this day. When I phoned USPS a few weeks ago, they told me the package was delivered, yet I received nothing. I ordered two other Jules Destrooper products which were shipped via UPS, and I got them fine, so I do not think it's a problem with amazon. Still, up to this day I have not received the package, and there is no where to complain about it since no one wants to take the responsibility!!"
"If you love Macadamia Nuts you know they can be $$$ but you will still pay because there is a difference with Mauna Loa. I ordered these and the butter toffee. They tasted as good as when purchased in HI. The price was amazing! I will order more. They are the smaller cans that you find in the store. Fresh, tasty, quick ship and you need to buy six cans because you will easily eat two cans the min. you get it."
I've done the 7mins and various other times for cooking and can't seem to get this right. My family is not a fan of this product. I'm trying to figure out now what I can hide it in. I've had other rice pastas that hold their shape better. If I did the 7 min it was still a bit not finished and then any time longer would turn it to mush and it wouldn't hold it's shape.
"10 years ago my daughter brought home Creme' Brulee' for the first time. It was perfect, beans to be ground. Since then I have searched for ANYTHING similar. When I realized I couldn't find it, she had forgotten what one she purchased. This one has a strong flavor, but it tastes fake with a strong after taste. Unfortunately it is one of the better ones. If anyone reads this and knows what ones (Carmel and Vanilla), taste great, please post here."
"I agree with the other reviewer - the new lower sugar formulation is awful ... it tastes like aspartame. We're never buying this again, and I'm faced with a similar dilemma: this has been my favorite for years. Note: Since writing this review, I have tried McCann's Maple & Brown Sugar oatmeal (available on Amazon), and it's great. I highly recommend it as a substitute if you're equally unhappy with Quaker's reformulation (or don't want to waste your money trying it)."
"Taco Bell Chipotle Sauce is fabulous on tacos and burritos. It's wonderful on sandwiches and salads, too. Anywhere you'd enjoy a little bit of ""kick"" with your meal, a pour of Taco Bell Chipotle Sauce is the answer. You can even mix it into other sauces for a bolder flavor. Maybe adding it to bechamel when making macaroni and cheese or to alfredo sauce over pasta would be a mouth-watering adventure. The uses for this sauce is limited only by your imagination."
"Bars are around the size of slices of nature valley together. (maybe a little thinner). They are sweet, and I can usually eat 1 or 2 instead of 5 chewy brand bars. For 40-45 dollars, the weight/price ratio is better than 20 dollars for 60 tiny chewy bars. Since they are my only snack atm, I've gotten a little tired of eating these bars after two boxes. The almonds ones only have 1-3 almonds per bar."
"While I look forward to these lollipops every Christmas because they are seasonal, I had one heck of a time finding them this year. I purchased these through Amazon and received them promptly, but I think they may have been slightly stale. It was very difficult to peel the plastic covering off of them, and they broke apart when we tried to eat them. We still got to enjoy the great taste, but I was very disappointed."
"...once you have a taste for this iced fruit cake it's hard to stop buying it. The icing is not thick, perhaps a 3/32 of an inch, though the marzipan is at least 1/2 inch. It was one of the seasons highlights when my mother made chrismas cake, though the other way around, thick icing and thinner marzipan...but even so this cake is delicious, and the marzipan/icing combination is such a strong flavor who cares what the ratio's are, i'm still buying it in january."
"What a great product for dogs. My mini doxie just loves these chew and to top it of, she loves the peanut butter favor. The day is complete when she is given one. If she doen't eat it at once, she will hide it for later or carry it around with her. This flavor is the only one that she eats. I purchase the mini size because it is not too big for her and she can handle it for eating or carrying it around."
"At the beginning, I was so glad that I received my lovely chocolate so quickly, but after I open this packet, I found they only sned me 5 pack instead of 6, but I cannot find any contact information about the seller. So I will keep this rather than return!!! BUT, I am so disappoint about that, cause this is the first time that I buy food from internet, I will never buy it again, nor recommend my friends to buy this item!!!"
"The Twinings English Breakfast Tea does indeed brew quite the perfect cup of tea. I have personally used the K Cups in both the basic Keurig brewer and the commercial variety, without much difference in taste and temperature. I have tried other brands of tea in K Cup form, but the Twinings is consistently my favorite. Buying them in this large set is good for someone that knows what you are already getting, or has potentially enjoyed this tea via other forms."
"Giving the other 17 bags of these to the local food shelf just seems too cruel, better to throw them away. I don't know what good the 'popping' does except make them sort of hot. They're too salty, have a hideous flavor, taste nothing like pork rinds. They don't even taste as good as _bad_ pork rinds. They're also loaded with chemicals I want to avoid (probably part of the source of the hideous flavor)."
"These are sweetened with crystalline fructose and sucralose (a.k.a. Splenda). If you're sensitive to the taste of low-calorie sweeteners, you won't like these. The drinks are too sweet. I was hoping for the same kind of refreshing taste you get from mixing a splash of fruit juice with seltzer, but it turns out to be just another cloying soft drink, only with supplements added. The ingredient list should be given on the Amazon product page, but it's not."
This was very nice in the pic which is why I picked this.. I sent out two actually...well the gift is much smaller then it shows and the gift wrap had a blue wrinkled bag with the brown amazon box inside..it showed on the gift wrap option that they were wrapped individually which was absolutely not the case..it was stupid to pay to have them wrapped...I am very disappointed in this and wish I didn't send it let alone 2 of them..
"their regular biscotti are sold cheaper if you buy ""bits and pieces"" and altho these are scrumptious, they are not sold in that latter form. they did come in bits and pieces and altho i ate every crumb--i was disappointed that i,as a diabetic, had to pay more for the privilege.but buy some, try them and if you like them as much ass i did lets all lobby for the lower priced "" bits and pieces"" discount."
"After reading the reviews of this product I was slightly reluctant to spend so much on chocolates, but after buying them I have nothing but good things to say. The package shipped almost immediately after the order was placed, everything arrived in great shape, and the Galliano bottles are absolutely awesome! The only slightly yucky flavor was the tequila, but only because tequila and dark chocolate are not a wise combination. I would definitely buy these again for a special occasion."
"I was hoping to ""sneak"" beets into my sons snack, but there is no hiding with this brand. In fact, the beet flavor is rather overwhelming, and rather on the ""raw"" side. I enjoy beets, pickled and roasted, but this flavor is just not appealing at all. If your kid loves beets (maybe even raw ones?) go for it. Also, someone commented on it being a runny consistency but my recently ordered batch is on the thick side."
"I'm not a tea connoisseur, but I do like what I drink in the morning to have a subtle and recognizable flavor with floral overtones. How's that for specific? Stash Premium Jasmine is just that. It's not a rare Chinese blend picked at high altitude by retired gymnasts, it won't rock your taste buds with complexity and depth, but it won't decrease your net worth by much, and will go very well with your bran-laden muffin. It's pleasant, clean and quite drinkable. Enjoy."
"I'm not sure what the problem is, but can only conclude that the kernels were improperly stored. I researched to see if I was doing something wrong, but if the oil is hot, the only other reason for the corn to be chewy is if the product is stale. The moisture in the corn that causes it to ""pop""will escape the kernel through the shell, resulting in yucky pop-corn. My children don't care and neither does my hubby--maybe I'm just picky."
This is perhaps one of the best conditioners for treated hair I've used in a long time. The shampoo was lovely but when i used the conditioner I could immediately feel and easing and smoothing of my normally okay hair. I don't have long hair or anything unusual to test this prodcut but when I used a hair drier I could tell how much more manageable my hair became. This is a great prodcut and one I hope to use again.
"I went through the trouble to contact them and indeed they are using BPA lined cans. BPA is the same substance removed from plastic baby bottles, because it is rated dangerous. Many countries have already outlawed the use of BPA. To be fair it has to be said that more than 90% of all manufactures of canned products in the US use epoxies containing BPA Why can't an ""Organic"" manufacturer not go the extra mile? Buy Eden Food beans right here at Amazon. (...)"
"Great deal for the quality of this Himalayan Salt! I will be purchasing more and giving it as gifts. This stuff tastes great and is actually a healthy addition to the diet, in moderation. Why would anyone continue using the ""white death"" table salt that is void of so many essential elements? I also use this to make an all-natural facial and body scrub! We should only ""feed"" our skin what we would put in our mouths!"
"I used it in a Moqueca which is a Brazilian Fish Stew, and it was very delicious. The problem I had was with the bottle top. The recipe called for 1/4 c of the oil. Unfortunately, I was unable to remove the plastic top which does not unscrew. It just has a flip top cap with a single hole in it and ended up just shaking it by drops into the measuring cup which was messy and a hassle."
"If you like weak or watered down coffee, then this is the product for you. One of the flavors I tried was not too bad but the second one of the same flavor was completely different. There seems to be no uniform, some being very weak and others week. The coffee is just bland. Nothing you can do with it. Just don't waste your money on this product. The cheapest regular low price coffee would be better than this."
"My toy poodle was quite interested in this toy, but it proved difficult for him to play with. He has a small mouth and it was hard for him to pick up the yellow pieces to get at the treats. It was also hard for him to rotate it on its base to expose the other treats. I think this is a fine toy for bigger dogs, but Liam is only 7.7 lbs. My husband also didn't like all the noise."
"The pumps are defective, clog, stop working, and are generally useless. The pump is also not removable once connected, so when it gets clogged you cannot take it apart to clean it. I went through 4 of these to give them a chance because I really wanted to cut down the waste from the little cups in my office, but they all clog and stop working, often before it's even half empty. Will not buy again."
"I'm quite pleased with this. I wondered how the less-plastic design would work, but it worked just fine. The coffee is bold without being a dark roast. So there is no problem using the large cup setting. The price per cup is the best I've found. It seems they economize with the k-cup design and not by skimping on the amount of coffee. Of course you're buying 80 cups, so you hope you're going to like it. So far, I do."
"Do not buy this product at the moment! It was just recalled. No point in buying food that could be subject to a recall if you cannot check the Production code on the bag to ensure that you don't have a bad batch! My dog likes this food and there is nothing wrong with it otherwise, I am simply mentioning to wait until this is cleared up before buying the food to avoid getting food you can't use."
"I'm sorry to say that I just did not enjoy these mozzarella cheese Cheez-It's. I like actual mozzarella cheese but the flavor powder on these crackers was just way too much for me. I could only eat two. The aftertaste was worse. I had to pop a peppermint to get the taste out of my mouth. A couple other people tried the crackers and weren't too impressed either. I like regular cheddar Cheez-It's, so I think I'll stick to those."
"We absolutely LOVE the taste of this coconut water & will not drink anything else. I order 2 cases at a time to be sure we always have it on hand. It doesn't have a funny metallic taste like most others do. We have shared it with many others who also report it is the best tasting coconut water they've ever had. Our whole family recommends this product! amazon auto ship program saves us money, too!"
"I love this sauce! I used to get it at my local grocery store, but they've stopped selling it. I just ordered a six pack and it's going to last a good long while. Most people I know that have tried this don't like it, but I find the taste sweet and kind of zippy at the same time. I have been trying to find a substitute for months! I'm so glad I found this on Amazon! :)"
"We've been ordering Wellness for one of our cats who was diagnosed as insulin-dependent diabetic a few months ago. After reading many reviews on the internet, we chose Wellness chicken and Wellness turkey canned products. This has gone well enough. We though we'd give him a change of taste, so ordered a case of the beef & chicken canned food. He projectile vomited it all over the kitchen. Maybe it's the beef, but the remainder goes to the local pound where it will hopefully be appreciated."
"I wanted this to be even moderately tasty so that my 3-yr-old would eat it. He's picky, and Kraft Mac and Cheese is something I can always get him to eat - but hate that it's so highly processed and non-organic. Quite frankly, Amy's just doesn't taste very good. It's bitter, the cheese is thin (and I got rid of the water in the shells). I still give it three stars because of Amy's business practices which I love - but won't buy again."
"I think the concept of this item is great. I have only eaten mixed with water and it's just okay. I don't like that sugar has been added since I only use natural PB that needs to be stirred w/ no extra oils etc. I like PB but am not a 'nut' about it. Perhaps this will taste better mixed with other items so I'll try but since I don't eat lots to begin with, it's not a product I'll repurchase."
These are some of the best chips that I have ever had... They sure beat anything else out there and are even cooked in a way that is better for you than most other name brands. They are tangy and crisp and satisfy any craving at the time! These will be the only chips that I buy from now on and I thank amazon for letting me buy them online in bulk and save some money at the same time!
"These Honey Flavored Hard Pieces tasted okay if you like honey. Actually, I used them when I had a sore throat and thought the honey filled center soothed my throat for a time. But, as far as giving any energy goes, I noticed no difference in my energy level anytime I took one. In fact once I ate two in a row, and still no difference. I think they should repackage them for sore throats :)"
"I'm not sure why no one seems to like these very much! They are pretty good to us. I haven't had a problem with them falling apart and they're easy to slice for toasting. My son,(who is the one on the GFCF diet), is extremely picky and suspicious of anything new, ate these muffins without hesitating. I sometimes poke a hole in the middle and serve as a 'bagel'. These are a regular staple in our house."
"I was sick of Microwave popcorn so I ordered this, hoping it would take me back to the popcorn I loved in years past. That it did. Almost every kernel pops and with butter, I'm happy! I get my oil hot first and pop about a third of a cup of corn each time; it pops quickly. Just be there to get it into a bowl as soon as the popping stops or it will burn."
"None of the BEAR NAKED GRANOLA products are organic nor do they contain any organic ingredients. Further they DO contain genetically modified ingredients (GMOS). These very misleading statements/descriptions by Amazon.com need to be removed immediately. For those of us for whom eating organic food is very important because we do not want GMOs in our food, this is deceiving and potentially dangerous. Please update the necessary listings at once and remove the erroneous information. Thank you."
"Nice flavor - tastes and smells fresh. My only gripe would be that there is no grinder built-in (which would be convenient), but I simply transferred these white peppercorns to an old grinder that I had and it worked just fine. For those curious as to the flavor of white pepper vs black - I must say that they are very similar. The white is perhaps a little more 'tame', but really the difference is just the color."
"I need to say I absolutely love my Kuerig brewing system. French Roast is one my favorite types of roast. I don't want to sound biased, but anyone who loves a strong aromatic coffee would love this kind. I would recommend it to the coffee enthusiast, but that's just me. This won't be so good for those who don't like a very strong, extra bold coffee. If you are one of those who doesn't like a coffee this strong...this isn't for you unfortunately."
I ordered this for my cousin while she was at summer camp to surprise her. I ordered it as a gift so it had no indication as to who got it for her. She thought it was hilarious that someone would order 5 pounds of Gummy Bears for her while she was at camp. I never actually got to taste these bears but I bet they're pretty good because it made my cousin one of the more popular counselors at her camp.
"Overall good It has a creamy green tint to it, The first bit i was thinking ""i need salt"" but i ate it all and NOW feeling satisified! For it being organic & salt free i am suprised how yummy it really was. I would suggest this soup to anyone. And will eat it over & over again! True it MIGHT not have a lot of chicken, but the tiny 5 pieces it did have were good. I liked it like that."
"Oh My - these are going on my list to re-order! They are absoultely DELCIOUS! Actually like them a lot better than the Oreos with cream in the middle. Crispy, crunchy, low cal cookie (if you can eat only 1 bag, that is). Packs a powerful chocolate punch - for a low cal snack. Satisfies my chocolate craving without the guilt. [Actually choose these over the Lorna Doone thins any day - more flavorful & satisfying]. Have to stop myself from ripping open a 2nd pkg."
I was so immensly disappointed. I was hoping to get the same tea that they serve in the chinese restaurants and kept being told that it was oolong tea. I finally found it on Amazon and to my disappointment it did NOT taste the same! Actually it was a bit bitter and now I have all of this tea I know it will take me forever to drink because of the flavor.. Was not happy.. :(
Columbian is great. It used to be in the grocery stores nearby but the vendor would never come and replenish it so they got dropped from two stores in my area Charlotte NC. The flavored coffees from Black Mountain Gold do not taste good and did not sell well but Columbian and Kona would sell out fast. I make an exception for the chocolate flavor which can be good once in a while if you like ice coffee.
"The quality of this product was not up to it's usual standards. The triple braid was very flimsy, usually much thicker. My dogs have been plowing through these because of the thin woven braids.Also, I do not consider these low odor. They stink and I need to keep them in the basement because of the smell. Overall I will not order these again, they are too expensive To be going through them as fast as we have been."
"I ordered these for our small law firm since clients occasionally ask for decaf coffee but it happens so rarely that it is not cost effective to keep decaf coffee beans on hand. Also, it saves the time of having to brew an entirely new pot of coffee. No one can tell that the coffee is out of a packet. It dissolves quickly into a very strong brew. Highly recommended for people who occasionally need just a few cups of coffee."
I think these chips are awesome if not the best along with Poor Brothers Salt and Vinager chips. But if you buy these Spicy Thai chips in a smaller bag it might have too much of the flavor (at the bottom of the bag) in it then the larger bag at least that was my experience last time I bought these off amazon but that was like in 2010. So I would suggest trying Spicy Thai in a bag bigger then 5 ounces.
"I have two dogs, 22 pounds and 45 pounds. Got the large size which is supposed to be for 50-100 lbs. My dogs love these things. I mean within a few short minutes they are gone. I thought they would be a little more of a challenge. I guess the big question is are they in my dogs mouth long enough to actually do any teeth cleaning? Or are they just a delicious treat for my dogs to enjoy?"
"Jet Fuel coffee by Coffee People is hands down my very most favorite coffee. I have a subscribe & save on it to be delivered once a month & I never run out. If you like a bold, strong cup of joe, this one fits the bill. Jet Fuel is a must to start my day! I love the Keurig Brewer and I get the best deals on Amazon Subscribe & Save for all my K-Cup needs."
"We've been ordering Wellness for one of our cats who was diagnosed as insulin-dependent diabetic a few months ago. After reading many reviews on the internet, we chose Wellness chicken and Wellness turkey canned products. This has gone well enough. We though we'd give him a change of taste, so ordered a case of the beef & chicken canned food. He projectile vomited it all over the kitchen. Maybe it's the beef, but the remainder goes to the local pound where it will hopefully be appreciated."
"I've never typed a review before, but here goes: These peas are great. I've had other wasabi peas and non compare to the taste from JRs. Yesterday, my latest 5 lb bag arrived, and to my dismay it was covered in ants. My wife emailed them and they offered to send another bag free of charge. No hassle, and a quick response time. Exactly what I want in a company I do business with. Will order again!"
"Of all bakery on main fiber power granola's this is my favorite! the dried berry's are huge inside and you can actually pick them up to eat individually, not like a micro-berry found in commercial bags of granola. Bakery on main is a dedicated facility so there is no chance of cross contamination, I am celiac since birth so I am very cautious and am excited to see BOM at Amazon because hands down this is the very best product on the market."
"This is a very healthy breakfast food and well balanced, for me it need a little more sweetness to it, so i add a little honey or cutt up banana. But its great. Takes a little longer to cook because of the sun flower seeds not as quick as the instant oats, but it is healthier and has more nutritious things in it. IN all i would recommend this as a good healthy breakfast to start your day."
"like, ooo my gosh. i think i have found like, the best candy, in the world! aaaaah! they awake in me a strange and perverse desire to bite off the heads and leave them in my purse for month after month! they go good with everything, like ice cream and even eggs. i recommend this candy for everyone, especially if you're in your tweens, or if your name is c-rieeazzall. which it is not. so stop pretending and go buy some of these swedish fish!"
I have tried the almond and cinnamon raisin and my favorite is the cinnamon raisin. Love how this cereal supresses my appetite. Hard to find a really healthy cereal that tastes good but this defiantly does taste great! I paid $7.00 plus tax at my local health food store for the cinnamon raisin. I plan to buy this product on amazon.. sooo much cheaper... $2 a box cheaper for me. Such a great value on Amazon.
"I picked up a bag of these in NYC and ate them on the train home. I liked the flavor a lot, and the fact that they have less guilt in them than other options like potato chips. When I got home, I could not find these in CT, so I bought a case on Amazon. I have shared several of the bags with friends and everyone loves them. I highly recommend these chips (if you must have chips, that is!!!)"
"I'd previously bought a package of the Impra cherry tea, which I liked, and thought this would be a good way to try some of their other flavors too. Eh.... the cherry is definitely my favorite, and the peach is quite good, but the other flavors seemed fairly undistinguished to me. I am kind of regretting that this came in a package of 5 boxes, when 1 would have been enough for my purposes. Won't order again, anyway."
"This product is great. I have been searching for an easy to use and non sweetened green tea. So many of the teas are sweetened with Splenda type sweeteners and I prefer to use Stevia. The Jackie Chan green tea appears to have been discontinued. I mix this product and love the taste. A little lemon and Stevia and I have the perfect evening iced tea. It provides all the benefits of green tea, and the instant convenience. I give it five stars"
"I have a home-bread maker, and the wheat bran adds another dimension to my bread-making. i.e it means I can make bread with wheat-germ! I don't know what bad wheat-germ would do, but I'm happy with this, and at a great price for the volume. Try it. It's too much of a bargain not to. So - why not 5 stars? Purely as I've not tried any other wheat bran yet - this has been fine."
"I eat a lot of nutrition bars and I like this style of chewy whole food bar, but I think the packaging and name of this bar is very misleading. It tastes exactly like every other ProBar and I cannot taste any of the ""Smore"" elements. It also is smaller than the Fruition bars which have the same number of calories. I was very disappointed because I thought this would have more of a dessert-y flavor."
I like bold coffees and should have trusted the other reviewer who said it wasn't strong enough. This one has a watery finish to it and not very much flavor. I'll be going back to Emeril's Jazz'd Up Decaf and trying the Coffee People's French Roast Decaf. So far I've loved everything by the coffee people except the organic blend. If you like strong coffee don't buy this but if you like a weaker coffee that you can see through you'd probably enjoy this one.
"I love Sprout meals and send them with my 10 month old son for lunch at daycare everyday. He loves the lasagna and minestrone. I went to Amazon to try to find them cheaper... disappointing to find that the pack of 12 ends up being more per packet than I pay at my local Kroger store. Will keep feeding Sprout to my son, but wish I could find it for a little bit less per packet."
This is a good choice for a K-Cup if you like a bold rich cup of coffee. I ordered this brand for 3-4 months because it was the best tasting bold K-Cup I found. I am giving it three stars because the last few shipments were not that great. It left both me and my husband with a weird metallic taste after one cup. I ordered Martinson's bold K-Cups about a month ago and loved it! I probably will not buy this brand again.
"The product ingredients should be listed here. It should not say ""ingredients listed on packaging"". For those with gluten problems or severe food allergies, we NEED to know the ingredients BEFORE we buy the item. I'm glad I went to the main web site for this product. It says they contain garbanzo flour which my son is SEVERELY allergic to. PLEASE start listing the ingredients so that we don't have to go on a hunt all over the net to find out such valuable information!"
"I had these cookies in Germany, but I had a hard time finding them in the US. I was amused to discover I could order them from Amazon. They seem to be most closely related to pecan sandies, but they're a little richer and a little moister. I wish it were possible to order a single box instead of 12, but I already knew I liked them, so ordering 12 wasn't really a problem. A bigger problem is trying not to eat them all immediately."
"My husband loves the coffee, but this is the only one he's had that he has to continually clean out the machine because the cartridges don't remained sealed. The coffee grounds get inside the machine and in the coffee. After closer inspection, some of the cups aren't well sealed when they come out of the box. The price sounded good, but not for the quality and aggrevation. We will not purchase Van Houtte products in the future."
"Just seen this, left my review elsewhere but there's other stuff from them not available on Amazon which look good - have seen them in the better supermarkets etc and am trying out the fruit and oat bars and cookies. My Mrs is all into this stuff and I usually am ho-hum but she has given this the thumbs up for the kids who love it which is great as it's not the toxic kid snack crap you usually see dazzling the kids."
"This has too subtle a flavor for a candy that is gone too fast. I avoided these for a while because I thought they would be sticky, but they are not. The kiwi seeds are a nice touch, but this flavor was boring for something that is gone so fast. Orange is more intense for citrus lovers. I really kept looking for the kiwi flavor. Not horrible, but very subtle and subtle tastes better in a hard japanese candy to me."
"My husband at 82 yrs of age has trouble drinking enough liquids, gets dehydrated (winter or summer) very easily. He found Vita Coco with Pomegranate and Acai to be a great drink, not too sweet. He has 6 oz in the morning, 6 oz before supper and has a few swigs if he wakes in the middle of the night. It has made all the difference in the world to him!!! Try it, you'll love it."
Our three dogs love these and in a previous review the price is very good. I have had a difficult time finding these large bags since our PetSmart in Atlanta stopped carrying them and the cost of a small bag is ridiculous. The added plus is that my order is on auto ship so no need to worry anymore when we are about to run out since we know an order is always on the way. Thanks for this service Amazon!
"two issues cause me to give the product one star. -packaging: 5 pounds of the product came wrapped, but not sealed, in plastic inside a cardboard box. as i pulled out the plastic, the bites fell everywhere. -taste and consistency: while the smell is normal/good, the product doesn't taste like black licorice, leaves an unpleasant aftertaste, and has the consistency of rubber. i bought this product as a gift, and was totally embarassed and disappointed in its quality."
I picked up some of this tea at the grocery store last week. It has some grassy aftertaste that many green teas have but not as much as some brands. I was careful with water temp and how long I let it steep and it wasn't bitter. It tastes somewhat clean and fresh but I like the much less expensive Salada better and I don't have to be careful with it like I do with Stash teas.
"I was so excited to see GF chicken noodle soup. It's one of the ""regular"" foods that I've missed. Unfortunately this ""soup"" is terrible. The noodles were a very strange consistency (this coming from someone who has tried a LOT of GF noodles). The chicken was more like mystery meat, and there was very little of it. The overall broth didn't even taste good. I had a few bites, and literally dumped the rest down the sink. Don't waste your money."
"If you like licorice, then you'll enjoy this seasoning. I didn't realize that was one of the ingredients when I purchased this, but that flavor jumps out at you as soon as you open the jar. I used it for an asian style noodle broth with vegetables and chicken and it came out really well. This is hard to find in most stores and if you don't want to drive to numerous stores for this spice, just buy it online."
"Okay, so I may be weird, but I was pretty darn excited to find new flavors of Belvita biscuits in the store. ESPECIALLY chocolate! So I tried the chocolate ones this morning, and I must say they are delicious. Personally, I wouldn't mind a tad more chocolate flavor, but it still tastes like you're having a cookie for breakfast so I'm not complaining! Definitely recommend these and other Belvita flavors. Great with my morning coffee! :D"
"Until this year, these chocolates were the best. Kirkland (Costco) has substitutes most of the chocolates with cheaper chocolates. These are not gourmet chocolates anymore. I won't be buying these anymore. The countries listed need to be revised. United States is now one of the chocolate producers. I'm guessing they are the cheaper, less tasty ones. Oddly, Switzerland chocolates are last on the list, or the least amount you will get. P.S. These are only $9.99 at Costco."
"A friend of mine gave me a jar as a gift when she returned from Paris. It was amazing! So naturally I raved about it to her. She gave me another jar. I'm afraid to open it till I have to. I have looked all over the internet and there is none to be found. I thought my savior was here when I ran across it on Amazon.com, but alas no. Now I'm frustrated and having cravings."
I normally buy this product in a larger city a couple of hours away. Have not been able to find it in my town. The price is better on Amazon but the shipping will kill ya! Makes it just as much as the one I buy out of town. Course I don't make a special trip for it but when I have to go for a doctor's visit I always stop and buy what I need there. Sorry Amazon!!!
I have 2 Weimaraners and they absolutely love this dog food. One of my dogs is grain sensitive and I have struggled for years to find food that he will do well with. I found about about this dog food through a weimaraner discussion board that I belong to and a lot of owners had wonderful results with this food. The dogs coats are shiny and soft and their waste is much less than with other foods that I have fed.
"I found the taste and strength of this coffee just right for it to gain the honor of one of my ""go-to"" coffees for my Keurig. Not too strong or bitter, I rather enjoy the flavor. Sadly with the recent ""K-cup coup"" staged by Green Mountain Coffees, it looks like Amazon isn't carrying the Wolfgang Puck coffees any longer and my Subscribe and Save (and my business) will need to go elsewhere. Definitely give this coffee a shot if you can."
"I chose this product as a christmas present for my parents. The design looked very appealing and it came in great condition, nothing was damaged. My parents were so pleased with it, and they thought it was a lovely gift idea to give someone, they enjoyed them over christmas and new year's and there was a good range of different liqueurs. Over all 5 big stars for this product, loved it and will be definately purchasing again, but this time for myself lol."
"I am glad that I made this purchase. I too like other reviewers have mentioned only received 35 pods. In the package I have there were 20 flavors. Yes, there are a few different brands of vanilla but that is great for seeing which is better. As for the blueberry, surprisingly enough it tastes great with vanilla creamer. The box says the expiration date is 4/2012 but most of my pods expire in 6/12. I will purchase this again."
"I've ordered this arrangement many times for a number of women in my family including; mother, step-mother, Grandma, and an aunt. They all say the same thing: it's beautiful and they brag about it to their friends! Only issue is with the delivery time. Sometimes, I find it's late by 2-4 days, so I schedule delivery at least a week ahead of set occasions. Flowers arrive fresh and fragrant, some bloomed and others that will bloom in the next 2-3 days."
"I really didn't know what to expect when I ordered this, but the reviews were mostly good so I tried it. I occasionally like a cup of Tully's Kona (outrageously priced right now) or Folgers Black Silk, but I have made the San Francisco Fog Chaser my regular morning cup. The 36-pod order comes in three air-tight bags of 12 each. I open them as I use them, putting the pods in a jar to maintain freshness. Going to order more soon!"
"Well I have to say that these were the worst tasting cupcakes I have ever tried from a package mix. I bought them at the recommendation of a local store owner since I was in a hurry for a quick dessert and didn't have everything I needed for my fancy, from-scratch cupcakes. They tasted like cardboard and the coconut tasted like it had been in the package for a few years. Totally flat and boring. I will never buy packaged cupcake batter again."
My dog is small and loves loves treats. But treats she can toss in the air and run around with. She couldn't get the idea this was just a taste. She really thought at some point I would give up and give her the bottle. I am passing it on to a friend who is trying to train her dog not to pull on the leash. I realize this is a training tool but my dog didn't seem to think so. She did like the taste.
"I had read that Monin grenadine contained ""No artificial coloring or preservatives"" as stated in the product description and other websites had stated the same thing. Not true at all. I just received my bottle in the mail and read the ingredients on the side, there is nothing natural about this except the sugar. Loaded with red 40 dye and artificial flavoring. If you are looking for a grenadine that won't dye your insides red I suggest making it from scratch."
"My dog chewed up the ""rope"" that stops up the bottle into dangerously large pieces in a manner of minutes. Note that in the ""Medium/Large"" photos for this item the stopper appears to be an actual purple and white rope, but the item I received had the solid purple soft rubber ""rope"" that appears in the ""Small"" photos. This design is completely unsuited for even moderately powerful chewers. I never would have bought this item had the photographs been accurate."
"I thought I would like the taste of Soy protein as I have eaten a lot of soy protein bars. After having tasted this vs whey protein, the whey protein tasts much better. There are 5grams of protein in one tablespoonful of this product, and it is hard to mask the taste of it, even with flavor drops, and splenda. I have found other products to give me 20grams of protein in one of their scoops, which the flavor can be masked a lot better."
"For one thing, it seems that food companies seem to be under the impression that everybody who is allergic to gluten is also rich. Insanely pricey- it MIGHT be worth it if they tasted like anything other than chalk. There are MUCH better gluten/wheat free bars out there that are much more worthy of your $. These have such an aftertaste. Blueberry flavor is the lesser of the evils, though. Save the chocolate flavor for somebody you have a score to settle with."
"From the picture that is shown, I thought this was going to be a full sized cake (8 or 9 inch diameter), enough for several dogs to share, specially given the price. It is a tiny thing, barely big enough for one large Lab. It smelled good and our dog loved it, but it seems like something you could easily make yourself. So save your money, google a ""canine cake"" recipe, and you'll be much happier with the results."
"The selection of K-Cups was not as pictured. Out of 34 cups, I received 13 vanilla and 6 hazelnut. Only 4 cups were not a Green Mountain Coffee product. I ordered the sampler pack specifically so that I could try different flavors from a variety of producers. To say that I was dissapointed is an understatement. Clearly this product was a collection of ""leftovers."" It come packaged in a stapled brown paper bag. Don't waste your time or money."
"I received a sample of this product for a ""try and tell"" program. This is a pre-made food, so of course it does not taste like homemade. That said, it is ok. It does have 5 grams of fiber in it, which is nice. So it is a nice and convenient snack if you are trying to watch your weight and boost your fiber. Banana nut isn't really my favorite flavor. I think I would like it better if it came in cinnamon apple."
"I have ordered nemerous boxes of the KIND Almond & Coconut bars. I have never counted the contents until today. I recently received 2 boxes and 1 of the boxes contained only 10 bars. I was surprised and recounted 3 times. I opened the 2nd box and there were 12 bars. I was disappointed in this shipment of KIND bars. AMAZON, I want my other 2 bars of Almond & Coconut. I will be counting all boxes in the future."
"JELLO Sugar Free, Fat Free Chocolate Fudge is such an indulgence--you'd never guess it from a ""free"" version of the real thing. The taste is so satisfying, this chocolholic is willing to forgive its less-than desirable aspartame sweetener. For a little more nutrition, I make this with 1 & 3/4 cup filtered water, and one hard boiled egg (protein + lots of nutrients in that yolk); and I hardly notice it's made without milk. All in all, an automatic classic on my dessert menu."
"Do you love candy, but are tired of all that sugar? Well, Werther's Original has a ""Sugar Free"" version that is the best. Unlike most sugar free candy, these taste exactly like their sugar cousins and there is absolutely no after taste - none. You don't realize that they are sugar free unless someone tells you they are. Perfect for diabetics who want a snack but can't handle the sugar. Keep a package handy and you'll not be sorry."
"I have three cats, and even the chow-hound (the one who will eat anything, even, frequently, the inedible) will not touch this stuff. The same is true for the only other flavor in the Newman's Own Organics line we've tried (<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001397WV2"">Newman's Own®Organics Turkey & Vegetable Formula For Cats, 3-Ounce Tins (Pack of 24)</a>). I'd like to donate the rest to an animal shelter, but I wish I knew why my own cats find it so offensive!"
"In my mind, coffee should be strong, bold, and well balanced. Not so much a slap in the face, but more a strong limb to grasp (I guess I'm feeling poetic). If you feel the same way, you may be a little disappointed with Dark Magic. While it comes close, it has a slight acidic after taste which I'm not fond of. In other words, it doesn't meet my criteria for ""well balanced"". I hope that helps."
"I was kind of excited about this product before it came in. I found them in a little Atkins carb counter brochure, and thought I'd give it a shot. I was very disappointed to find out that they do NOT taste like cheese crust. They taste like salted cardboard, but being I am sticking to this low carb thing, I do find myself eating them just for the crunch and the fact that I have already wasted $17 bucks on them."
"I enjoyed the flavor and contents of each mini bar. Great for cocktail hour at home. And if the bars are kept in a cool place you can actually remove them from the wrapper. Cool doesn't mean house temperature unless yours is 62 degrees. Otherwise, if somewhat warmer the bars become extremely sticky and are hard to remove from the celephane wrappers. Expect sticky licking-good fingers as well. Were it not for that I'd give it a 4+-star."
"my dog won't eat this food. she smelt it and walked away. it does have an awful smell to it. the expiration date is still good, but than I don't know when it was manufactered or what expected shelf life should be. i would like a refund of my money if that is possible. I can ship it back but am unsure who pays the shipping. It probably will cost 15 or more to ship back."
"I love Kettle Brand Chips! I've been in love with the Honey Dijon for years and decided to try out their other flavors. Sea Salt & Vinegar Chips are TANGY, SOUR, and make my lips pucker when I eat too many at a time. I got 12 big bags for a steal from amazon ($11 WHAT?!?). Personally, the flavor is too much for me, but my mom & aunt LOVE them and they hate potato chips."
"I had a cup of this at a friend's home, and he asked me if I liked it. I told him frankly that it wasn't great; it tasted too much like instant coffee. He said that it WAS instant! Conclusion: It is anathema to use a K-Cup brewer to make INSTANT anything. And at 50 cents (minimum) per cup, it's got to be the height of misplaced convenience. There are wonderful flavored coffee K-Cup varieties out there -- try them."
This is a tough popcorn. It's not bad just not the best. I have a popper that is a dome type with a wire sweeper that goes round and round. Most of the oil and salt stays in the bottom of the popper and never comes in contact with the corn kernels at the bottom long enough to get on the popped corn. It is randomly spread and half of it is like air popped corn and tasteless.
"My yorkie ate this dog chew and the next morning she threw up all of the pieces. Didn't want to eat all day and was sick. No more of these for her. Not worth the risk if it were to get stuck in her intestines. Not worth making her sick. Would rate ""O"" stars if I could. These are awful.... not for small dogs at all!!! Great that they are made in the USA but they are not good for small dogs."
"I have recieved two packages of these oats. The first package was packed properly and the oats were wonderful. The second package was damanged badly and almost all of the oats were scattered throughout the box. In addition, the policy states that I cannot return the item. That is $19.00 flushed down the drain. Had I been able to return this package I would have been happy. I do understand that damage sometimes happen. As it is, I have just lost money on this purchase."
I will only buy these type of gummi bears. The Haribo brand has an awesome quality and flavor to them that is uncomparable to all the other gummi bear brands I have had....I love that I can order a 5lb bag and have it delivered to my door! It is a better deal than buying them at the store. When certain stores have them on sale for 99 cents I usually stock up but now I don't have to!
"This is a great price on these gummy frogs at $13.00! The cheapest I've seen them. They are all lime flavored. I bought these at the request of a friend of mine whose husband loves them, so I bought myself a bag too. They are a little too chewy for my taste, but my friend and her husband just love them. Seem to be a lot chewier than a regular gummy which is why I give them 4 stars."
"This should be called Sad Baby--it's awful. My baby absolutely hates it! I tasted a tiny bit and it was bland to the point of gagging. Besides I assumed (wrongly obviously) that Stage 3 food--for babies 7+ months--would have some chunks of real food. Unfortunately, it's just glop, and unfortunately, incredibly tasteless glop. I tried other flavors from this brand and they were just as disgusting, my baby wont eat any of the flavors at all."
My cat has been peeing everywhere. After a vet visit determined that this was just behavioral she suggested I put my cat on amitriptyline to modify her behavior. Whenever I tried to give her only half a pill she would spit it out and drool and scratch me all up. I've only tried this product a couple of times but she loves it so far and I'm so happy not to be fighting with her and getting injured-hopefully she won't catch on to the trick.
"This stuff is terrible. I bought a bag, thinking it would be like Smartfood white cheddar popcorn. I got it b/c it was cheaper and came in a larger bag, but I was very disappointed. It was overly salty and had a weird, gross flavor that was nothing like how white cheddar is supposed to taste. Do yourself a favor and if you haven't ever bought it, don't! Get the Smartfood brand or Rocky Mountain Popcorn instead."
"This is a product I know I want for my dog ; and not all pet stores carry it. I also like to buy large quantities that are difficult to carry. This vendor sent exactly what I wanted, in the quantity I wanted, and delivered it to the door limiting my need to carry the large bags. The cost of shipping was a price I was willing to pay; particularly because I was able to shop on the net for the best price.zx"
Just got first order of the Diet Cola. It dose taste real sweet at first. It is pretty good soda. Just take a couple cans to get use to the taste. I would buy it again UPDATE I changed it from 5 stars to 3. It has a funny test compaired to regular soda and is really really sweet. After a couple cans you can get use to it. Have to admit for the price I think the name brand stuff is much better.
"Truly, I adore these brownies. I am always reluctant to use mixes for anything but an extra crazy schedule forced me to grab this at the store, and boy howdy am I glad! I made the butter version and added an extra Tablespoon of oil for extra moisture. You know those flourless chocolate cakes that are so yummy? That's what these remind me of. I will be buying this again and again, and was so impressed that now I'm embarking on other Pamela products."
"Although these noodles sound very healthy, they are not for people allergic to wheat. I just opened my case and am disappointed to find out that these are wheat noodles with alittle rice and flax. The ingredients on the box are as follows: Durum wheat, amber durum wheat, wheat semolina, flax seed, brown rice. Very disappinting to those of us with food alleries. The amazon site did not list the ingredients correctly. Oh well, back to my rice pasta."
I bought is on S&S and that's unfortunate because I'm not even finished with the first bottle and I already am soooo disgusted by the flavor. It has a really strong smell that is quite nauseating. I actually think the smell is the reason I don't like it rather than the taste. I do LOVE LOVE LOVE the peppermint flavor as well as the vanilla one. So if you're wanting a solid sweetener without added calories/sugar then choose the vanilla.
"I love the tender bites as do my senior cats (17 & 18 yrs old). But I do question the price, which is a unusual. I get the 24 count variety pack for $9.49 at my local Food Lion grocery store. I would expect a 48 count pack to be no more than double that price (18.98) so $28.11 would seem a bit high. Unless of course 48 means 48 - 12 pack boxes. Then the description needs a little work."
"this coffee has been extremely disappointing for me, i can't finish it it's so bad. i am a HUGE starbucks fan and pay their premium for coffee because it's good but this is unacceptable. the coffee has a burnt flavor, and not as in pike place roast burnt- BURNT, and the caramel flavor which is almost non-existent is disgusting. if you like starbucks with caramel, get pike place roast, the christmas blend, or something else comparable and add torani or hershey caramel syrup."
"Our very smart, very small dog, who is a Papillon and Jack Russel mix, really enjoys this toy. However, I find it frustrating that the cube just won't come apart for cleaning as it is supposed to. We actually returned the first one we bought because it wouldn't open, but the replacement cube won't either. The hygiene issue is unpleasant for the owner--but I guess it's not such a big deal, since from the dog's point of view, clean things are less fun than dirty ones!"
"This is a great product; tastes great, much healthier than regular commercial peanut butter. Unfortunately, it is also available everywhere else on the internet for $3.99 while it's nearly $12 on Amazon. I notified Amazon of this 300% difference in price nearly two months ago and they assured me they would look into it. No adjustment to the price has been made and I would assume at this point, that it won't be. Buy the product but buy it anywhere else."
"The photo shows potato and carrot pieces in the butternut squash base but upon opening a can, there are no potato or carrot pieces to be found, unlike the cans I've bought from a local grocery store. I guess this must be a change in Wolfgang Puck's recipe but the photo on the can does not represent the contents anymore. Several cans out of the twelve pack were delivered dented, although none seriously. Packing with better filling could have prevented dents in transit."
"I've been using this brand for a long time and loved it always. But two of them I ordered came yesterday( Batch # 000013 )tasted terribly wrong. They are not the same taste as I previously ordered. I tasted they are contaminated, and I almost threw up, after one spoonful bite. I hope this informs other regular customers as well, so this company actually investige to see what is going on with their own product. I really miss their previous honey."
"Passover cakes are not known for being moist. With that being said.. I ordered several of these, and what arrived was dust! No packaging to ensure a safe arrival to enjoy them during Passover. Not unless you consider throwing the cakes into a box that was too large for them.. so they could be tossed all over the place, packaging! Will NEVER purchase from this seller again! No excuse for this, and they were of no help!"
This is an interesting combination. The Cinnamon flavor is light so it doesn't bring tears to the eyes or burn the mouth. The Cherry tastes a bit like cough syrup. The Lemon flavor is very nice and just what one would expect for a Lemon hard candy. I won't buy the combination again as I prefer a much stronger cinnamon flavor. I avoid anything tasting like cough syrup and I can get the lemon drops separately.
"This tea rocks! I tried it first at work and before long, so did everyone else and they have YET to restock our shelves with this, thus, me coming to Amazon.com and buying in bulk for myself and everyone else who pitched in to ensure they had some too. Its a tasty flavor and very smooth. Only bad thing is that this particular flavor s NOT sold in stores. I add some creamer and some honey and it really boosts the flavor."
"with some teas, most i've tried actually you have a tinny odd taste once the tea starts to go cold... with this tea however it kept its flavor to the last bit in the cup, which by then was cool in temp.. i couldn't believe it really how consistent it was.. and the aroma right out of the package was phenomenal.. each bag is individually wrapped as well. I really don't think i can drink anything else now that i've had this tea.."
"My little dogs liked these at first, but I guess they were too big for my yorkie and POM cause if they didn't finish it, maybe it gets stale? I don't know? They just don't want it. It's been sitting there a few months now. So. They liked it, but never finished it and dont care for it much now. Occasionally I'll see them walking around with it then drop it. Same one for months. Maybe I should throw it away."
"I order these chips on a regular basis. I like how they are portioned and one bag is only 2 points if you're doing Weight Watchers. My last order however, arrived at my house in an open box with a huge amount of tape. This resulted in me getting a case of crumbs. I was very disappointed because usually they come in safe packaging. I give the chips 5 stars, but the packaging this time around was horrible!"
NISSIN INSTANT NOODLE CHICKEN FAVOR X 12 Packs The above item was sold by JVS thru Amazon.com It written in the product description is MADE IN JAPAN. But when I rec'd that pkg of Noodle is written MADE IN HONG KONG. I e-mail to request Instruction of return twice within two weeks. NO Reply! I return it any way in the third week. They should have written Return Policy in place or reply my e-mail within 48 hrs!
"The picture makes it look like they will be little portion cups of jelly. They aren't. They are packets of jelly (like little ketchup bags) in foil. They aren't very attractive and I don't want to serve them to my guests. Perhaps they would be okay for a camping trip. I called to complain and Amazon sent me another box of the same thing. They don't accept returns on food, so you should know what you are getting!"
"This product IS NOT 'polenta' which is a finer milled corn. If you want a finer product you should order 'polenta'. This coarsely milled grit product takes me back to REAL YELLOW grits served in the deep South during my childhood. Cook them as directed. Add butter, salt and pepper before serving and enjoy wonderful taste of a Southern delicacy...great along side couple of strips of crispy bacon and two eggs (fried, over easy in the bacon grease)!"
"First, I'll admit that I've only been GF for a few months, but c'mon! How is this stuff good?! I followed directions today for breakfast. And like another reviewer, it DID have the angel food cake issue! But I couldn't even finish 2 pancakes before I called it quits on trying to choke this stuff down. I've been so lenient and know that GF food isn't going to be 100% like ""regular"" food, but seriously, I'll stick with eggs and fruit for breakfast."
"The price + being organic is what drew me in to try the Stash brand... but the taste is nowhere near the Jasmine tea that I can get at my local teashop. I have tried several different ways of brewing, and the sweet jasmine aroma & taste is barely discernible. It is drinkable though, and like I said, the price was very good. I hope to try the Numi brand next -- I have heard rave reviews about their Jasmine Pearl teas!"
Someone gave me these chocolates for the holidays and they are terrifice. I thought that ordering from Amazon would be great but... It's the dead of winter here and the contents was one hard white block or ..something. The expiration date was two weeks from the date they arrived. I returned them but I think that I will have to find them in local stores. They are..the best chocolates I've ever had when they are fresh.
"Great deal for the quality of this Himalayan Salt! I will be purchasing more and giving it as gifts. This stuff tastes great and is actually a healthy addition to the diet, in moderation. Why would anyone continue using the ""white death"" table salt that is void of so many essential elements? I also use this to make an all-natural facial and body scrub! We should only ""feed"" our skin what we would put in our mouths!"
I bought this because it was on sale and I was on a diet but NEEDED a chips fix. It worked perfectly! The serving size is around 17 chips but I eat about half of that with a spinach-yogurt dip for a high protein midday snack. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a snack high in protein but keep in mind it is a bit salty. The crisps are not crispy- it's more of a rice cake consistency.
"These little cheese crisps taste like toasted cheese. My favourite part of making anything with melted cheese is the little bits that get brown and crunchy - and that's what these taste like. They are low in carbs and anyone who is on a low carb diet knows that once in a while you crave a crunchy snack. They are salty, but I don't eat anything else that is high in sodium so I figure a 2 oz bag isn't going to hurt me."
"Love ""Kind bars but"" When I ordered the Kind bars I thought they would come fine.... but when the UPS person left them on the deck in the sun.... must not have been long.... they became gooey and stick to the wrapper.... there was no indication on the package so they would know that something edible was in there or he probably would have at least put them in the garage... I had two packages so a big investment was disappointing..."
"Stash's Peach Black Tea has the perfect balance of peach and strong black tea flavor for a very refreshing summer drink. I usually use one or two peach tea bags along with 2 family sized black tea bags of the grocery store variety. This makes 2 quarts of great iced tea, with just a hint of peach. When I want something special I will use only the peach black tea and serve with a slice of peach. Summer is coming so I just stocked up!"
"I have used this product multiple times. In fact, I purchased four tubs of the gold and silver luster dust (2 each) five years ago and I am JUST NOW running out! I use this stuff to gild all sorts of things for Renaissance themed banquets - including gilding an entire roast duck and then, using vodka, painting filigree designs onto it! The clients thought it was prop food it looked so beautiful. I can't recommend this stuff enough!"
"I realize that when it comes to taste, To each his own, but I have to agree with the reviewers who say this tastes terrible. When you mix this with just plain water or milk, it tastes nothing like any chocolate or chocolate drink I've ever had. I've had pure Mexican chocolate in drinks. Perhaps it is good for mixed drinks--Cafe Mochas, flavored coffees... This doesn't beat any chocolate mix that's in the US market. I'm going back to Qwik."
"A neighbor gave us a one pack of these nuggets to try and my 2 year old daughter loved them! They are the perfect size for little hands! They aren't all messy and mushy like the other brands, which is great for mom. She thinks she's eating candy, but it's full of vitamins! The problem is that we can't find them in the local grocery stores, so thank heavens for Amazon. My little one has been asking for ""More fruit"" which is great to hear."
my dog loves these small biscuits plain. she loves playing with them and then eating them. i tried the fancy flavored ones and she seemed to not really care for those. then i bought some more of the plain small biscuits and she was happy again. they help keep the teeth clean and to freshen the breath. they have 12 minerals and vitamins. they add some variety to her diet. i am very happy with this product.
"I've long been a fan of Newman's Own Organics, and these cookies did not disappoint. In a word, they are delicious. They have just enough sweetness and are a perfect snack. These are also suitable for vegans. One caution: there is a fair amount of sugar per serving. Granted, the sugar is organic cane sugar, but it is still sugar nonetheless. While these aren't health food, they certainly are better than some of the other cookies on the market and fine for an occasional treat."
"I am not using the product as intended because I can't seem to get it down in the morning. The flavor is supposed to be chocolate, the color is there but that is just about it. If i put in flavored creamer for 1/4 of the liquid, I can drink it, otherwise it is tough. I feel bad because I know it is good for me. I guess I will just have to persevere and get by the taste."
"I bought the Vanilla flavor to have a convenient cup of coffee for 1 person without having to brew a whole pot. The taste is extremely artificial. It's not a bad taste, but it is not a true coffee experience. I wouldn't normally note that save for the fact that Starbucks markets their VIA as an identical taste to their brewed coffee. I don't think I will be spending $7.00 for this product again. My three stars are for the convenience."
"These are great crackers. They have a great crunch when you bite into them,and they are loaded with a wonderful toasted sesame flavor. My husband has diabetes and we went out looking for snacks for him to eat. These have no trans fat and 17 crackers is one serving.If you need to watch your intake of fat and calories for whatever reason you know how hard it is to find snacks that are satisfying and these are just great..."
"I bought this pack because i specifically wanted to try the NEW Cherry cola-well there was none in it!! I didn't realize it included the NEW Lime Cola which was a pleasant surprise as i wanted to try that one too. But this had 2 6 packs of LIME, 1 6 pack of Cola, and 1 6 pack of Caffeine Free Cola. The flyer on the case showed it should have had the Cherry Cola as well. Maybe it was just a one time mistake...."
After 1 1/2 months on this food all three of my dogs had liver damage. Yes protein is what dogs eat in the wild but not everyday. This food is way to high in fat calories and especially protein. While the ingredients may be great even to much of a great thing can be dangerous. If you feed this food get your dogs liver checked regularly which as I have found out is expensive and be prepared to lose your dog if you dont
I orderd this for a gift and I am so embarrassed. It was for my mother-in-law and the food items were way past their experation dates. Also the cookies were smashed and soggy. I am so disappointed and humiliated to have given a gift with such poor quality. I am surprised at Amazon for including them in their site. So far I have not heard back from the company on what they intend to do about this.
"It saddens me to say I had to return this item. The item's page specifically said the Calamares were packed in Olive Oil. However on the actual boxes the ingrediant showed it was packed in another oil....an unhealthy oil. That was the bad news. The good news is Amazon, as usual, was gracious and professional in allowing me to return this item which is considered to be 'not returnable'. That is why I buy everything online from Amazon.com. They are the best."
"I alternate between buying this and Newman's Own brand cat food. I appreciate that the primary ingredients in Wellness are actually meat rather than filler like ""Chicken Meal"" or other ingredients that are not as good for cats. I have one cat who eats anything and another that is very picky -- both love this food. However, I have never fed either of them especially junky foods so they may just not know what they are missing."
"Since I, like most people, suffer from dry skin in the winter, I decided to try an olive soap. It does leave your skin squeeky clean with no soap scum residue. The bar last a long time too. However, I still feel like I need to apply a moisturizer after. I was hoping to eliminate that need. I may try Olivella's moisturizer. I would recommend this soap but you may want to consider adding the moisturizer to your cart too!"
"I'm having a cup of this coffee as I am writing this review. It was the deal most of all that made me buy this Tully's blend. I think Tully does make some of the best kcups I have had though. Love the Kona blend but now is quite expensive. This has a nice flavor to me but could be a bit stronger. That being said, if I get another deal on this blend, I will definately by it again."
I have never used Gluten free pasta before. I absolutely love this pasta. I enjoy eating spaghetti once in a while and this satisfies that craving. It is very important to make sure the water is boiling prior to putting in the pasta. I say this because my daughter decided to make spaghetti for herself and added pasta in pan of water before it was boiling. Well what happened was a glob of gooey mess. Lesson learned.
"The taste is bad.. plus it is from concentrate so I dont think it has the same work out recovery effects. Now dont get me wrong Zito had a great idea on being able to take the drink to the gym or biking, but I much prefer the new Vita Coco new screw top, they have much better flavors ONE is pretty good but not as good as Vita coco and this one is about as good as those cans which are terrible."
"Not sure why anyone would say this is good. No one in my family would touch it. Not sure how to return it now. Don't order it. I edited this to add that Amazon Customer service was very good about refunding my money. I wish I would of read the reviews before buying such a large amount. Don't buy with out trying it somewhere else 1st. It really is bad tasting, and I normally like sugar free drinks. I can't even stand the smell of it."
"wow, this stuff is bad. i drink all the brands, all the time. Tonight i opened one of these from a case, i guess i've never had them before. It's awful. what is it?? It doesn't taste anything like coconut water. it tastes like it's spoiled. If i hadn't seen the other bad reviews, i would've thought it was bad, i mean like, salmonella or botulism or something. I'm throwing the whole case away, no way to drink this."
"This is a good idea in theory, especially for those like me that prefer healthy salty snacks. Unfortunately, as much as I wanted to like these, they didn't taste like food - hard to describe, but the 'primal' branding doesn't help as I did feel like I was eating something I wasn't supposed to. While the first one I tried was novel, I easily tired of them and then plain got grossed out by them. I won't be getting these again."
"My 2 year old Maltese loves the chews and it really helps keep his teeth clean, but unfortunately, My 2 1/2 year old Yorkie would not even touch them..so I guess its not for all the dogs.Have been giving them for almost a year now to my maltese without any problems. I ended up using Petzlife spray for my yorkie. Coming to price..its much cheaper in amazon when compared to what I used to pay to my vet."
"I love this tea and drink it all the time. The taste is very nice and I do not even have to sweeten it or use lemon, as it has an almost sweet taste all it's own. I take alot of medicine and have much trouble with my bowels. When I drink 2 cups of your Senna tea I am opened up within 2 hours. Thank you very much, I would not use that much laxative. Pat Kamadulski"
"These crackers make a handy quick snack on the go or at my desk. I do wish that the mix was four of the cheese filled crackers and four peanut butter rather than two cheese and six peanut butter, which is why I only gave it four stars. But I like the taste and convenience so much that I have this on auto-ship monthly. And I like having some variety, which is why I order the variety pack instead of all the same flavor."
"Agree with previous reviewer -- these used to be fantastic, now just OK. Still my favorite energy bar, but as with others they have added cheap peanuts to most of the flavors. For those of us with peanut allergies, that's a real problem. I used to be able to eat most of the flavors, now there are just a few without peanuts. Last few months bars taste much more cardboardy than before -- they used to taste like fresh nuts & dried fruit."
I used this fondant to create dice to add to cupcakes for a Bunko for the Cure fundraiser. They came out awesome and were a huge hit! The fondant color was bright white and worked great with the Wilton food markers (for the dots on the dice). This fondant is so incredibly easy to work with and it tasted delicious. Even the non-fondant lovers in the crowd (including me) loved the taste! I look forward to using this product again....and again....and again!
"I've tried quite a few different brands and styles of seaweed snacks, and these definitely have the best flavor of the ones I've tasted so far. Perfectly crispy, wonderfully salty, lightly seasoned with that distinctive sesame flavor -- they're amazing. Only problem is, each little box in the 3-pack has only about 10-12 2.5""X3.5"" (6.4cm X 8.9cm) sheets of seaweed, so they disappear way too fast, and you need to buy at least ten packages at a time!"
These cookies are a perfect snack for when you wish to get a 'fix' of something cookie-like. They do not have the richness of a real shortbread cookie but for a 100-calorie snack they are simply more than good enough. If you are someone like me who on occasion want to nibble on a little something during a coffee break then I believe you can't go wrong by purchasing this product. P.S. These cookies arrived in perfect condition!!!
"I stumbled upon this extract at my local home brew shop and had made other homebrew soda's before so thought I would give this a try. it was remarkably good with real root beer byte to it. If trying to replicate at home I also used champagne yeast to ""brew"" this root beer not the generic brewers or baker's yeast. I recommend Champaign yeast for all homemade soda brews you get lots of bubble and very little yeasty taste :)"
"I've been an Eight O'clock coffee fan since the early 80s. First the Dark Roast, then French Roast. My wife and I tried this variety of Community Coffee about a year ago, and it had a smoothness that was missing from the Eight O'clock French Roast, so we switched and we can't be happier. The Community beans are also larger and more uniform in size and color than the Eight O'clock beans are. We just wish Amazon carried Community's 32-oz bags!"
I ordered this while on the raw foods diet. The raw foods diet entails a lot of food preparation time. These crackers were great because they are premade yet very healthy and were as good as the ones I made homemade. The flavor is strong but a nice change from a diet that can at times be a little bland. I highly recommend these for any one who is health conscious and looking for a snack on the go.
"We sent this ""Christmas Fruit Basket"" to my daughter who is away at college. We worry about her eating right this time of year and wanted to send her a ""pick me up"" ahead of exams and the upcoming Christmas Break. The large basket arrived much faster than expected, it included a great selection of fresh fruit and there was enough for my daughter to share with her dorm friends. This was a big hit! Highly Recommended! CFH"
"The smell and appearance of this coffee are very attractive when first opened. The bag is vacuum sealed. The coffee is very finely ground and has the soft texture of clay. The aroma is rich and delicious. Opinions will differ on taste. While I liked it, my husband wasn't so keen on the flavor. I guess it depends on your feelings about chocolate. Still . . . Folgers Gourmet Selections makes a decently priced chocolate coffee that smells just as good and tastes slightly better."
"I was looking for something to help me have some energy at the gym, so I tried this product. I do believe there is some benefit but the taste is horrible and upset my stomach. Unfortunately, I purchased a case of this grape cough syrup so I kept using it and have gotten past the initial gag reflex but still find it upsetting to my stomach. Unless you really like grape and cough syrup, try just one before you buy a whole box of this stuff."
"Of course this isn't pure Kona coffee, but it is a magnificent, medium bodied Kona ""blend."" Tully's has great coffee, period. When I lived in Seattle, I'd go out of my way to find Tully's shops, as they were my favorite in our nation's coffee capital. I'm so glad to find that Tully's makes K-Cups: wonderful coffee that evokes great memories of the Emerald City and what a great coffee shop should smell like and its coffee should taste like!"
"This product is incredible at reducing mosquito populations. It works for about 3 weeks, and then a reapplication is necessary. In the past this concentrate version of the product contained .5% active ingredient and required a mixing ratio of .5oz per gallon of water. This new version has .16% active ingredient and requires 1.5oz per gallon of water. Reformulation by Cutter now requires the consumer to use 3 times as much to achieve the same result."
"My family is trying to avoid food coloring and I cannot find this product in a local store. I ordered (1) case of Cherry & (1) case of Grape ""flavored"", ""Invisible"", Kool-Aid. The product arrived promptly and both cases of Kool-Aid were clumpy and discolored. (((Sigh))) I wasn't crazy about ordering $30+ worth of Kool-Aid online (minimum purchase is one case/ 4 pk) to begin with, I should have followed my instincts. Buyer Beware."
"50.7 ounces for a bottle. Ingredients: purified water, sodium bicarbonate, dipotassium phosphate, magnesium sulfate and calcium chloride. ""Best available pH at 9.5""? The bottle also boats a ""silky smooth taste"". I did notice that...but just a bit. I would recommend this to people who are not trustful of their local water sources, like some of my step-relatives in Indiana. A 12 pack of this would come in handy. Otherwise, you're likely just fine and dandy with your usual purifier."
"I'm sorry but in contrast to the other rave reviews for this product, I did not like it at all! I purchased several e.v. olive oils and this one was most disliked by both my husband and myself. We tasted it alone and with some fresh bread for dipping and we each experienced a funny feeling inside our mouths and a dry scratchiness to our throats that made us cough. This has no place in my kitchen. Sorry Siciliani :)"
"Celestial Seasonings has long been one of my favorite brands, and the caffeine-free green tea has a good, strong flavor. I like it with a dab of honey. With the Keurig cups, it couldn't be easier to have a hot cup of tea in the afternoon. Keurig isn't the least expensive way to go, for sure. Much higher than tea bags. But it makes a flavorful cup of whatever you brew - tea, coffee, mochas, cider. It's all good."
Joeseph's sugar free cookies are a ok option for a diabetic like myself.My only issue is the cookies are very hard and in my opinion are only good when dunked in a cup of coffee/tea.One needs to read the carb content and serving/portion size.I have not found any variety of this brand of sugar free cookies soft and easily chewable.Price wise there are a substanially more than Murray's but less than many of the other's found in Whole Foods or on line.
"This cereal tastes good with or without milk, holds up well (keeps its crunch) with milk. The cinnamon flavor is not overpowering and it isn't too sweet. This cereal is pretty much like shredded wheat but made with oats. What the differences are nutritionally between shredded what and this cereal is, perhaps would make a difference as to which you would prefer. It is good, but is it really anything new? 4 starts for taste and crunch."
"I am dissapointed!! When I bought this product I thought I was buying the real Acai Tea. But when I read ingredients it occured that Acai is the only one of the ingredients from a lot of others. So I blamed myself because I had to read those ingredients before I bought this Tea. I was fooled because the tea is named as ""Acai Tea"" so I thought it really was Acai. I reccomend everybody to read ingredients carefully before buying the product."
"Received Xmas of 06. Worked great about two times. New probe March 07. $15 plus/shipg/tax= 21.15. Worked fine until last night and started beeping and showed cooked before I inserted probe. New batteries, reset and same. I truly have used it no more than 10-12 times until now. When it works I am the BBQ king. I need another because I am now spoiled. Think this should last longer. Appears to cost more than the rest ??? I'm shoppin...... enough of this brand."
"We fell in love with popovers while traveling (especially in Minneapolis) so we bought a 6-popover non-stick pan and the Stonewall mix. It is very easy to put together six popovers and the result are great. I am sure a more experienced cook could find ways to make variations, but basic is just fine for us. One problem - the recipe (which says twelve) only makes about eight. I run the pan through twice at no problem. We just love it!"
"These k-cups are certainly bold and strong, but the finish is flat and thin. It's lacking in overtones after the inital dark wave. I just started exploring k-cups since my machine arrived last week. Initially I was surprised how watery the house blends are. I wanted something dark and rich in texture. But so far, I'd rather drink Tully's French Roast extra bold k-cups which is just about as strong as Dark Magic but with a wider spectrum and better finish."
"Are readymade gallons of tea from the supermarket better? Usually. But heavy to schlep home. Is homebrewed tea better? Yup! But too much work most of the time. But when you want it easy in the house, this isn't bad. Better than most Diet Tea mixes (other than those 'real tea' expensive kinds). I'm keeping this in stock, and also mixing it with the other flavors from Lipton. By the by, I really like their Diet Raspberry."
"We have been wine makers for about 6 years buying kits from local retailers of which a few we had to travel a good distance. I was pleasantly suprised by the quality of these wine kits. We also signed up for automatic delivery so we are cutting our cost of producing a liter of wine down to about $1.75/liter. Good uh. Wine bottle labels, corks and shrink caps are all included so these is nothing extra to buy."
"The listing of this item is a bit unclear. It is a six pack, which means it comes as six boxes, each with 8 packages of cereal for a total of 48 packages. The cereal is of fine quality. When my wife tasted a sample, she immediately said ""I could eat this every day."" Which is why I bought it. As for myself, I think it's a bit bland, but I have a sweet tooth."
I bought this new Zico water hoping to have the good taste it had before but unfortunately it tastes horrible. I could not bear drinking half bottle. Very funky taste. I am from Brazil and I sure know what young coconut water tastes like...and what they did to the taste of it is nowhere close to real coconut water. Perhaps works for those who like aged coconut water. I wish I could return my order. Never buying it again. Back to O.N.E.
"I guess everybody's making a carbonated fruit drink these days. Pepsi is going in for it in a big way. I prefer a glass-bottled drink, but I did like Switch's tangy, clean taste. No big gummy, sugary mess, but a nice balanced blend. This one, watermelon strawberry was cool. I appreciate a vitamin-c kick(gotta stay healthy), and there is no sugar(so where did the 140 calories come from?). The can says ""100% juice"", and that's what I came for."
"We ordered Alessi breadsticks to serve as part of the snack between a wedding and reception. They were fresh, came on time, were still whole, and were a bit less expensive by the case than buying 12 individual boxes at the grocery store. (Which I couldn't find at one location, anyway.) I was pleasantly surprised to find these through Amazon. I will definitely look there first the next time my local stores cannot fulfill my needs."
"These are seriously delicious, especially if you like plain potato chips. My only concern is they're very oily. I understand they're ""kettle chips"" and they're ""fried"" (small batches and all) but when you open the bag (That's another thing, very strong bag! Need scissors!) there's a coating of oil on the inside of the bag and on the chips themselves. I suggest a blot/shake on some paper towels before consuming. Either way, they have a yummy potato taste, and very satisfying crunch. Delicious!"
"my daughter is a busy college student who doesn't have time for breakfast, so she grabs a granola bar on her way out the door. At Christmas time we got her a large box of g.bars from Costco, but she was running out. I was pleased when I discovered I could order just the flavors she likes best on Amazon.... We live in different countries now, so it's wonderful to order special things she enjoys and have them quickly delivered to her at college.."
"This product is way overpriced!!! There is barely any candy in this box!! I should have gone to the store and bought the candy and made my own box.... I bet I could have made 4 of them for this price. The box is not even nice, it's plain, just a piece of paper saying Happy 80th Birthday on it. I mean at least give me a box that's decorated with things from that era. I obviously would not recommend this product!"
"After searching for these items online I was very pleased when I saw your details online. I places my order of Crystal light powder mix which arrived this week. I am very surprised to see that the expiration date on all the packets is only November 2011 bearing in mind that there are 12 box of 15 sachets I am dismayed, when the description states 02/09/12! Also can you please explain why the tops of the sachets have been slit?"
"I love the new Zico in a bottle! To me, it tastes the most like real coconut water straight from the coconut. Even when it was in tetra, Zico was my favorite (VitaCoco tastes like pure garbage and ONE isn't so great either) but I love that it is finally in a bottle so that I can take it with me to the gym and anywhere else I'm going. Can't wait to try the other flavors!!"
"I bought this food for my 80lb Staffy Terrier. The food was shipped the same day I bought it and I recieved it within 3 days. The food however did not sit well with my dog, he usually does not have sensitivites to food but this food made him sick. I tried to ease him onto the food over a few days and it did not do much to help he was consistently sick until I changed his food"
"We love Mashups and buy then at our grocery store. I was so happy to see them in the Subscribe & Save option. Based on price and description, I thought I was purchasing 4 boxes of 4 Mashups each (so 16 total). Instead I received 1 box. I called Amazon customer service and they confirmed that it was only 1 box. At a cost of $16, I could buy 3 boxes at my grocery store. Amazon did refund my money no questions asked though."
"This stuff chases away pests from the house area, back to the woods where they belong. It does not repel bears, salesmen, or coyotes, but it isn't supposed to do that. The beauty of it it that it is not a poison. I enjoy sharing the land with critters, but don't want them right up to the house. If it will work on the colony of flying squirrels in my attic, I will update it's rating to 5 stars."
"I am in love with this stuff! This is my first time ever trying agave nectar. Previously, I've had agave margaritas in Arizona, and now I know why they were so delicious. I'm glad I ordered the light agave nectar because there's no aftertaste and it's not as pungent as honey. It is very sweet and I learned the hard way you don't need use very much. I'm just concerned that it has the same caloric intake as refined sugar."
"I was vastly disappointed with this product. I live for tea bags. Ask anyone and they will tell you, ""Yep, that guy loves a good tea bag."" So, I thought I would expand my horizons. I decided to go for some black tea bags this time. It was now what I had hoped and dreamed about at all. These tea bag were weak. They were small and didn't satisfy my longing for a moist, sensational, musty, and delicious tea bag."
"I am dissapointed!! When I bought this product I thought I was buying the real Acai Tea. But when I read ingredients it occured that Acai is the only one of the ingredients from a lot of others. So I blamed myself because I had to read those ingredients before I bought this Tea. I was fooled because the tea is named as ""Acai Tea"" so I thought it really was Acai. I reccomend everybody to read ingredients carefully before buying the product."
"Online, this product looked like such a bad idea that I had to order it. Honestly, what is salmon jerky? It turns out that salmon jerky is exactly what it sounds like. Salty, chewy, boneless dried fish with a hint of garlic. Although the flavor could have been more aggressively spicy (it didn't knock my socks off), this product is still extremely easy to eat. This is a great protein snack for before the gym. Eating it makes you feel strong...like an Inuit hunter..."
"Order this only if you use large quantities of dressing in a short time, or share the order with others. The expiration date on the dressing I received was within a couple of months, so I ended up giving some away and throwing away a couple of bottles. Love the dressing, but the expiration date was MANY months shorter than what I found on the shelf of my local grocery store, so it ended up not being a good value."
"The Lindt Naps are delicious chocolate. I purchased 10 Naps boxes for Christmas gifts; however, not all boxes could be given out as gifts because some of the boxes were damaged upon arrival due to bad packaging quality control. Just want to clarify that the damage was not due to shipping since the outer shipping box was in good condition. It was the inner box and the actual Naps box was damaged in of the corner."
"I was looking for 100% Pure Papaya juice which is recommended for people with medical conditions that create too much phlegm. It is one of the few substances that cuts the phlegm. I didn't read the label closely enough and got suckered into buying this. Apple juice doesn't ""cut it"". It would seem from my preliminary research that the only places that carry 100% pure Papaya juice are Health Food stores. I bought this at Whole Foods but I didn't check the Health Foods aisle."
"I'm not accustomed to chewy granola bars. These were alittle to chewy for my taste. But they do have a nice flavor. I was glad to see ""highlighted"" in the ingredients - Coconut sugar and Organic eggs, walnut & coconut. They also state that the ingredients I just mentioned are processed on equipment that also makes products containing peanuts, other tree nuts, soy & milk. This doesn't affect me but I'm sure could be useful to those allergic to nuts."
"Cookies are horrible!!!! Worst cookies I have had in my whole life, and I am not exaggerating. I opened one of the 8 boxes and tried to eat one. I could not finish it. It smells and tastes how you would think dry dog food would taste. Styrofoam would have been tastier. Some people may enjoy the taste, as indicated in feedback. Other than the dog food taste, they are extremely dry and bland. They were not for me or my family. Requested refund from Amazon."
"i drink my coffee strong and black so this is too weak for me. i do have the one pot coffee maker and i either have to decrease the water or use two of these. this is not economical. it is much easier to just wrap some french roast coffee into a paper towel and use that instead. if you like very mild coffee pods, this i s fine, but not for those of us who can't get it strong enough."
"Hello, I will not be ordering this again. It wasn't what I had expected it to be. I was kind of like a jam or jelly I guess. It didn't taste bad but it had a lot of stems in it and I didn't enjoy picking them out. If it were not for the stems I would have taken it by spoon 2time a day. I did get the oil that they sell and I just pour it in my juice. It was ok."
"These almonds are one of my favorite snacks. If you're trying to eat healthier but still crave a little sweetness or chocolate, this is the way to go. It can be a little dangerous to your diet if you eat TOO many at once but it makes you feel less guilty than some other snacks. I like that they aren't too sweet or too chocolate-y. You still taste the almonds despite the sweet coating. This is a product that I'll be buying again."
"Being a longtime tea drinker, I was surprised that I found this as good as I did. The surprise is this zingy aftertaste. I like it best piping hot. You don't have to use an entire packet per cup.....you can make it milder if you want. It is not in a loose tea form, but rather it is a mix that you dissolve as a solution. Remember it is pretty powerful if you drink it as directed."
"similar to the reviewer before me, i sprayed this all over our SMART CAT BOOTSIES COMBINATION SCRATCHER (see my review of that!) + zip, ziltch, nada! i tried spraying it on a number of their toys also + u would've thought it was made of water for all the response its gotten. they respond just fine to any brand of regular catnip but it wont be Catit catnip from Hagen. burn me once + lose me as a customer for life. WHAT A TOTAL RIP OFF!"
"The noodles come wet and refrigeration is necessary. The pkj. maybe serves 2 and they need to be rinsed before using. They have little or no flavor so would adapt to whatever you were serving over them. I don't think you would want to eat them plain. However, this is good for dieters as there are no calories carbs or any fat. It took a long time for them to come after i placed my order. That was a minus."
"I like lime and I like chili so I figured this would be a pretty tasty nut. It is definitely very flavorful but the lime overpowers the chili so much that the chili might as well be nonexistent. So if you are a lime lover you will probably enjoy this flavor, otherwise you might want to try one of the other varieties instead. Personally I will finish up this batch but once they're gone I will go back to my habanero bbq and wasabi."
5 star taste but why so expensive for plain popcorn with salt i love this product but even on sale very evry expensive. popcorn is soooooo cheap to make why can't someone duplicate this product for about 1/3 the price and still make a killing. it would also be a great snack for birthdays in schools in lieu of cupcakes if not for the very high cost. great taste. nice convenient pacakging just way way too expensive
There was much to read as to labels and ingredients of this sausage kit. We were disappointed to find MSG in the Italian sausage mix or else this would have received five stars. Before buying this product I read all I could find on what was in these packages without success. The casings and the instructions for the casings were easy to understand. They were easy to install on the sausage tube of the grinder. But the Italian sausage mix has MSG.
"I was looking for a type of chunky sugar bits in irregular sizes and bigger than this Pearl Sugar - so I am still looking, since I do not know what it is called. However, I must say this Swedish Pearl Sugar works very nicely sprinkled on top of pretzel-like cookies and gives them a nice sweet crunch when you bite into them. I am pleased with the mistake that I made - and will be ordering more for the holidays."
"i love Lavazza coffee. some of the best coffee in the world and sold all over europe. these pods are OK but they could be packages better. the coffee is loose on some of the pods causing the coffee to pour too fast. maybe they are prices this way because of it. i usually have to pay more for 150 pod boxes. all in all, i would buy them again and just make sure i tamp the pod a bit before each use."
"We recently came back from a Safari in Tanzania and while there enjoyed Africafe coffee in various camps. This stuff is potent! I have had all the ""instant"" coffee you can think of here in the US and it is nasty nasty stuff. This is not that stuff. Overall I am very satisfied with my transaction with the seller. I received the item promptly and in excellent condition/quality. Will come back when time to re-order!"
"Excellent GF bread mix. I use it to make dinner rolls with grated cheese mixed in, and melted garlic butter brushed on top. Very easy and tasty. Even the rest of my family who can eat gluten like these rolls. Also makes good sandwich buns. I always keep it on hand. You do have to mix the dough by hand, and it is very sticky, so I use more oil than the directions call for, and put oil on my hands before I start mixing it."
"I just received my order today and what came in was NOT what is shown in this picture!!! It is NOT made with organic soybeans. Yes, I should have read the other reviews. Shame on me. This is the same stuff I can buy at my Walmart but don't want because I WANT my soymilk to be organic. I ordered the vanilla too and it says ""certified organic"" in the details but it is NOT organic either. Shame on you, Silk!!!!!"
"This Starbucks ""Veranda Blend Blonde"" K-Cup makes a nicely smooth cup of coffee that tastes every bit as good as the in-store brew. I personally go for stronger and ""bolder"" coffee but most of the other coffee drinkers in my family prefer this over the much more affordable <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0029XDZIK"">Donut Shop K-Cup packs for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50)</a> we typically drink. Recommended for the flavor (5 stars) but not at the retail price (3 stars). CFH"
"My son has several allergies and finding a gluten free bread that does not have egg, nuts, soy, or corn in it has been a challenge. The other challenge has been finding something that actually tastes like bread. This product has been wonderful!! The bread can be made by hand or in a breadmaker and has the recipe to use with egg replacer. The consistancy and texture is the most ""bread like"" I have ever found and the taste is fabulous!!"
"This was thin, unlike the last xtra large that I ordered from this supplier. I think it will still work for the dog to chew, at least until is shrinks 2 inches or so. Since my dog is a mastiff, I'm afraid that he'd try to swallow the thing whole if it gets too much smaller, due to its thin diameter. So far, he hasn't shown much interest in chewing it. I think he likes the taste of the elk and moose antlers better."
"How did Amy and Brian mess up an amazing product like their 17oz cans by putting them in 10oz ones? Save your money and either buy the 17oz cans or a different product. The coconut water in the 10oz cans taste sugary, almost syrupy. Nothing like the 17oz cans of which I'm a huge fan. I still have a few cans left of the 10oz and find myself adding tap water to dilute the sweetness of this product."
"I was disappointed with the taste of these chips (regular and barbecue). I can't really taste the potato, so it is almost like eating a badly-flavored foam chip. It tastes like it is stale even though it is fresh, and it also has an odd chemical-like taste. The similar baked lays and pringles chips are very tasty. My kids finally ate the rest of these chips, but only after all of the other chips were gone."
"I have a Golden Retreiver, and 2 labs. All big dogs. They love the chews BUT I caution you to PLEASE keep an eye on your dogs while they are chewing them. The chews tend to soften as the dogs chew and chews often stick in the back of the dogs throat and I have to stick my fingers down to remove the last piece of chew. I would never leave my dogs alone while eating any type of rawhide chew."
"I bought a two pack at the Friday sale for $20. Reasonable, but not an amazing deal. I've been pleasantly surprised by the taste. I do like the Van whatever flavor French Vanilla K-cups, and this contains significantly milder flavoring of a good tasting coffee. I would and have served it to company and highly recommend serving with milk or cream. If you like flavored coffees, you'll most likely enjoy this one. If you like it plain and black, you'll probably hate this."
"This was supposed to be a present for our neighbors but unfortunately we decided not to give it to them because a very disappointing item. The pictures on Amazon are quite deceptive giving the impression that it's a large box or tower. But the actual tower is barely taller than a bottle of wine and contains chocolate for no more than a couple of people. For $40, it's extremely overpriced. I'd look for something bigger if you want to give this as a family present."
"I thought bully sticks were made of tendons. These are made from intestines and they smell terrible. But, I gave one to my beagle anyway and put her outside to eat it -- and, it gave her diarrea. Also, they are a product of India. I'm not sure how long it took my dog to eat it, but other reviews state that these dog treats didn't last long and that they crumbled. When it comes to food, be careful what you buy on the internet."
"I love Yogi teas (green tea kombucha, chais, peach detox). I was excited for Healthy fasting in concept, and the first cup wasn't TOO bad. I had another the next day and the taste really did not grow on me at all. It's sickly sweet in the worst way. It's okay when I hold my nose, but then I breath again and just want to scrub the taste from my mouth and throat. However, I guess it works since I lose my appetite."
"This is one of my favorite teas. Stash's mix of green tea and chai spice is the best I have found. It is aromatic, yet milder than regular chai. Tastes great both plain and with milk. This deal on Amazon is by far the cheapest way to buy it, especially if you ""subscribe and save."" I drink this almost every day during the fall and winter, so it is a great opportunity to stock up. If you enjoy green tea, this is a must have."
"I feed my kitten dry and wet food. I can tell my kitty does not really like this brand of dry food because the bowl will be sitting out full all day. He will then only eat it when he is super hungry. I don't understand why?! Iams is a great brand. Unfortunately, he has no choice in the matter because I paid good money for it and I am not going to throw it out."
"I am trying all types of products to use with my Keurig coffee maker and I thought the caramel cappuccino would be a good choice. It was so sweet I couldn't drink it, I had to throw it out. I have a sweet tooth and not much seems to sweet to me. I wasted my money on this and I will be throwing it out as well as the Grove Square Hazelnut Cappuccino that I bought! Waste of money unless you like super sweet!"
"I don't think I would want to drink it daily as it's a little on the sweeter side. If I keep it room temperature and then pour over crushed ice it tastes just like chocolate milk which is novel as I don't consume any dairy. I don't think I would like it without being over ice, though. My kids use coconut water for workout recovery drink. Thought they might like this for a change but both find it too sweet to drink straight from the bottle."
"No longer are the arctic zero ice creams icy - the company upped the calories to 150 per pint but the taste is much creamier and a bit sweeter. The cookies and cream is now my favorite. This flavor seems to be creamier than the others and though I don't see cookie crumbles within the ice cream, I taste them. Seems to be lighter color/taste version of their chocolate ice cream with a ""cookie"" flavor. A great way to indulge, without blowing your diet."
"I tried this brand of green tea after drinking both Celestial Seasonings and Twinings green teas. This one had a very strong, very strange flavor. It almost tasted like a meat broth rather than a tea. I think another reviewer who described it as a ""burnt"" flavor may have gotten it right. I tried it once, and immediately switched back to Twinings. I recently tried a second bag, thinking maybe I overreacted the first time, but had to pour it away."
"""Lightning Bugs"" are basicly gummy candy bugs that ""glow"" when grabbed with the include tongs. One of the tong tips actually lights up (red) as they are closed around the gummy bug body, causing it glow very brightly. The tongs are packaged in it's own bag inside the bag of candy. The flavor is good and what you would likely expect from gummy candy. This is a cute novelty candy that my kids enjoyed. Recommended!"
"I should have purchased a smaller amount first. This is the worst candy I've ever eaten. The chocolate covering is waxy & tasteless, the caramel is terrible tasting & leaves a very bad taste in your mouth. The only flavor you get out of this is the strong salt taste at the very end. I tried giving it away to friends but no one would take it! A big waste of $30. Koppers will never get my business again."
"First, I do have to say our dog Mitzi (a black Chow) enjoys the biscuits and the size is no problem for her, even though she is only 40lbs (small for a Chow). I can't tell if it actually removes tartar, but I am giving it an extra star for that if it does. I am deducting a star because the main ingredient is wheat and a dog should have more protein and fewer carbs in its diet."
"I was really excited to try this vanilla extract as it seems I hear about the brand all the time. When our big bottle of Mexican vanilla ran out I ordered this one and was a bit disappointed. It just doesn't taste as good, and has a detectable alcohol aftertaste. I'll use it, but we've asked one of our friends to get us another bottle of the Mexican vanilla next time they are visiting family south of the border."
"I bought this coffee substitute hoping I could replace my caffeine intake. I'm not sure this substitute is the one for me. Some reviews stated that they couldn't tell the difference but in my opinion...it doesn't taste like coffee really, so I'm unsure why it would be mistaken for coffee. That said, it is drinkable (the vanilla flavouring takes a little getting used to)& I intend to perservere with it so I may get to like it better."
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"I'm not really experiencing anything while eating this granola that makes it in any way stand out from any other granola brands that I've tried. I taste cinnamon. The clusters are relatively small & loose. It gives me gas. Checking the label against <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000CROPGG"">Bear Naked Fit Vanilla Almond Crunch Granola</a> I see similar ingredients but do not see any mention of the Bear Naked products being gluten free. (If that is something that is important to you.)"
"I have been drinking Zico coconut water for sometime. One day I saw Zico Chocolate Coconut water. So gave it a try. well, to me it was chocolate drink but my expectation of a coconut water was not there. I threw rest of the bottle and kept my distance from this drink. Agreed that Zico coconut water is not the best coconut water but it is close enough to enjoy without any other ingredient in it and definitely not chocolate."
"I guess I'm weird. This is the only Pamela's product that I did not like. I love the full-size dark chocolate-chocolate chunk cookie, but the Simplebites had a bitterness I just did not care for. My husband (who eats gluten) liked them much better than I did. I'll let all you 5-star folks have these; I'll have the Simplebites regular chocolate chip mini cookies, or the aforementioned dark chocolate chocolate chip cookies, thank you very much."
"I LOVE LOVE LOVE peanut butter and eat too much of it. I was looking for a lower calorie alternative and read a few reviews on here before I bought it at Super Target. I wish I hadn't wasted my money; I threw it away!! I'm not wasteful and I've NEVER thrown away a brand new, full jar or can of food before, but I couldn't fathom finishing it or anyone else eating it, either. It tasted very synthetic and bland....I'll stick with Naturally More."
"If you don't like your ginger strong, you won't like this drink. However, if you want to a spicy-sweet concoction to take the edge off a cold or the cold, this brew will do the trick. The freeze-dried combination of ginger, lemon and honey dissolves quickly in hot water. The result is not for the tame of tongue. It is quite spicy, and produces a sharp edge in your throat. On a cold day, it warms your inside."
"I absolutely Love this drink. This is the best carbonated fruit drink I have ever tasted. This has a crisp, clean taste of fresh strawberry with just a hint of kiwi. This tastes just as you would expect a pure fruit juice to taste, except without the pulp and a carbonation that makes it fun for both kids and adults alike. I found a new fruit juice that I love and I'm making the switch to ""Switch."""
"Given the recent cost of retail honey purchases, this 6-pack of Billy Bee Hunny seemed the perfect solution for me, to buy this item for my sister's upcoming birthday. Also, I can extend the gift-giving to include many occasions beyond the birthday gift. The price is an excellent bargain, with no sales tax and free shipping. Plus the taste of this Pure Canadian Clover Honey is absolutely wonderful! I'm sure I'll be a repeat customer for this tasty item."
"From the commercial this looked like a chocolatey cereal but wow, I did't expect it to be soooo chocolatey. I had it with Silk Almond milk and it was quite delicious. I love chocolate and this will definitely curb a craving for even the most gigantic Toblerone. My boyfriend said it belonged in trail mix because it was too sweet for him, but he couldn't put it down either, eating it dry. I can see this as a curl up on the couch movie-night cereal."
"Our negative rating is not about the coffee, but rather the k-cups construction. The top was not securely attached to the plastic cup and every cup had hot coffee spurting all over that section of our kitchen. Of course after the first two mishaps, we just held an oversized cup up close to the bottom of the dispenser. I hope they enhance their quality control and fix this problem because it was not just one cup. It was every one in box."
"I am a fan of White Hot Chocolate, and this doesn't even come remotely close to the flavor. It is similar to 1% milk with some sugar added to it. My son wouldn't even touch the stuff, said it was horrible. I tried adding it to a cup of regular coffee, and it ruined a good cup of coffee. Those who gave this 5 starts obviously have no clue what good White Hot Chocolate tastes like! Gross, don't waste your money."
"I guess I was looking for steak and cheese spring rolls but these did not have any cheese flavoring. Instead, they applied this awful sauce that ruined the whole roll. Don't get me wrong, the meat was tender and delicious but as a complete package....goodness that sauce ruined the whole taste experience. I won't be buying this particular product ever again but you may like the taste of this sauce so....give it a try once, like I did!"
"This tea is great. I cook it in gallon batches and sweeten it with agave nectar and keep it in the fridge. I guess it ""worked"" because my daughter was born after just 4 hours of labor and 20 minutes of pushing. I'm still drinking it since I had just ordered another 3-pack of boxes of it the day before our baby was born. My husband loves the tea too and he doesn't even have a uterus."
"MCP is the best -----HOWEVER---- if you can't buy it anywhere, what good is it. Almost impossible to find, what gives Kraft? You would think that a premium product like this would be available for sale everywhere. Very disappointing. Kraft tells me that it is still being produced but could not tell me where to find it other than to check the local store that recently ordered it. If the store has as much luck as everyone else has, they won't find it either."
"At first it is not so hot but.... it grows on you. I added a very tiny amount of honey in warm water to mix, dash of salt too. like it so much I made up the entire jar like that and kept it ready in refrig . I put it on apple slices as a pm snack or mid morning break. Spreads nicely on an apple, unlike real PB. Love not getting all those calories."
"You know those soft chips ahoy cookies that you so love? These are not those. These are smaller than those, stuffed with some plasticy-tasting 'fudge' that's actually pretty solid. Maybe like a brick of fudge but less yummy? It's 4 points plus for 2 cookies if you're doing Weight Watchers and TOTALLY not worth it. They also turn rock hard within a week and a half so chow down fast. Or just throw them out. That's probably a better option. Again, Ew."
"I had eliminated treats from my dog's diet when she started to lose her ""girlish"" figure. Turns out most treats have a lot of calories. Luckily I found she loves to eat apple slices - which gives her a little variation from her regular dry food. But since I was hoping to give her an occassional added treat I was pleased to find these sticks. She likes them, the ingredients look fairly healthy, and I don't mind giving her one every now and then."
"Kettle Branch Potato Chips New York Cheddar: These are good if you like kettle fried potato chips that are waaaay salty, on the burnt side, and taste rancid, either because the cheese flavoring or the oil it was fried in was already old. I want to like this brand of chips and try their new and other flavors every now and then. But, after having tried all sorts of other brands of kettle cooked chips, these just don't hit the spot for me."
"<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO5R0Y"">Stash Premium Double Bergamot Earl Grey Tea, Loose Leaf, 3.5-Ounce Pouches (Pack of 3)</a> This is a very nice double Bergamot, if you don't like Bergamot stay away, if you don't like Earl Grey stay away It's heavy on the Bergamot people! That's why they call it DOUBLE BERAMONT EARL GREY. The Upton Tea loose Extra Bergamot is a good alternative also. But for the price this is a good one. Loose, or in bags it's a nice tea."
"When I bought this coffee I was skeptical that it would live up to it's Amazon rating. After I tried it, it exceeded my expectations. This coffee is excellent. Not bitter at all. I drink my coffee black which usually allows me to taste the coffee fully without diluting it with cream or sweetening it with sugar. This coffee was not too weak and not too strong to the point it was bitter. It will definitely remind you of an Italian cafe."
"I have to say first off that I love Tinkyada products. But I accidentally bought the white rice spaghetti instead of the brown rice spaghetti and I found a product I don't like from Tinkyada. My son (7) and I have Celiac's sprue and so eat gluten free everything. My son isn't usually picky about his gluten free food, but he won't eat the white rice noodles at all. I will eat them, but I definitely prefer the brown rice ones over these."
I ordered 2 bonsi trees. I really like the look of each of them; small but nice. What I was disappointed in was that they are for outside. I didn't see that when I ordered them. I live in the northwoods and if I were to leave them outside.. they would be buried in the snow so I have them in the garage for the winter... a place where I am unable to enjoy them. Overall; I like them; just felt mislead.
"I ordered three different flavors, and I although the coffee is great and not bitter, the k-cups are problematic. A lot of other people have voiced the same problem and my description is the same. Foil comes loose, coffee cup only halfway full, and lots of grounds in my cup. If I could rate them separately, I would give the coffee 4 stars and the cups 1 star. I have considered busting them open and putting the coffee in my re-useable cup."
"OK, I can't stand these things, but my babies love them, so I gave it 2 stars, not one. First of all, it's just puffed corn, like Peanut Puffs, if you've had those by Envirokids. And that wouldn't be so bad if they didn't taste like you were licking a cinnamon stick or putting a teaspoon of ground spice in your mouth. For being ""all natural"" it sure does pack an unpleasant wallop! Watch out! Maybe the Honey Nut is better..."
"I was disappointed when I drank my first k cup ice tea. I love iced tea, however I do not like lemon in my tea at all - I just want the taste of the tea leaves. The Celestial English Breakfast Black Tea has a lemon flavoring added. Ugh ... I was really hopeful I could brew a glass of ice tea with my Keurig. It is not bad tasting at all - it is just not what I prefer."
"We missed that this coffee is packaged ""For Use only in Single Serve Home Coffee Pod Brewers."" Doh. We don't have such a brewing device, so I cut open the packets and used the loose, ground beans in our french press (and this worked well). The coffee itself is outstanding (at least via our french press). A nice smooth, rich flavor; a hint of fruit in the smell; very little acid taste. We quite enjoyed it."
"Only citric and ascorbic acid with Grape concentrate and water ! No sugar added ! And nothing else ! Delicious ? Consumed half a can before adding any water ! True Love ! Three times stronger then regular grape juice. And Welch's too !! According to "" Miracle Food Cures from the Bible "" (also Amazon) Grape sugar is really good for the heart. Not to mention all the antioxidants. In short, this is really overwhelming goodness !! Thank You !!!!"
"These are the strongest tasting salt and vinegar chips I've had. I could still do with more vinegar flavor, but I think this is as close as I'm going to get without dousing them with vinegar powder myself. I did a side by side with the Cape Cod salt and vinegar and these are about twice as flavorful. Additionally, as other reviewers have said, they have quite a good bit of potassium in them (somewhere in the neighbor of 15% RDA per serving)."
"I was so excited to try a new BOLD coffee.....needless to say, I am disappointed. I would rate this coffee as a MEDIUM. If it would have been listed as a MEDIUM, I would have given it a higher rating because this is truly a MEDIUM strength coffee in taste and flavor. I will still drink it from time to time- flavor is smooth, not bitter. Overall, I wish that I would have ordered some more Jet Fuel or Black Tiger."
"I got this so that my girls could have some variety in their meals. The nutritional value is great and they really scarf it up! They ""helped"" me open up the Amazon box when I brought it in the door. Since this is such a hit with them, it will be on their menu quite often.It is the first time I tried this brand. I usually feed them Iams, but wanted to try a little variety for a change."
"*rolls eyes at other reviewer* of course its going to smell like a campfire they roast the tea over pine and its awesome!!! I love this tea, but their suggestion of one teaspoon is a bit conservative for black tea you usually do one tablespoon per cup not a teaspoon, its up to preference but i love this tea and the fact that it reminds me of camping is a plus! it makes me feel good, and it tastes great too!"
Bought this at a local specialty-item store because I adore chutney. Because of the higher price and being sold like a gourmet item I wrongly thought it would be better than the affordable brands sold at the supermarket. Wrong. It is mostly gel (jelly) with a few fruits sprinkled throughout and tastes like cheap thickened jelly you put on sandwiches...I've had much better and that's just talking about the supermarket brands. Very disappointed. Money does not buy quality.
"I enjoyed this product. After eating so many of the Cheddar flavor, it gets to be too much. But, with this flavor, it was a milder and I could eat more than a few and not get sick of the flavor. My family enjoyed it as well. My wife, who isn't a big fan of the Cheddar, really liked the taste of these. Lighter and crispy. I recommend this this product because it is a nice change from the Cheddar."
"This is a great product... my baby loves it. I especially like the smooth liquid formula versus the powder since the powder never seems to dissolve properly. I am, however, rating this low because of the SELLER... $55 is RIDICULOUS! This product normally sells for $25-$32. But they are jacking up the price because there is a shortage of the liquid formula due to the powder recall. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED AMAZON!!!! This is food for a BABY! Makes me ill."
"My toy poodle was quite interested in this toy, but it proved difficult for him to play with. He has a small mouth and it was hard for him to pick up the yellow pieces to get at the treats. It was also hard for him to rotate it on its base to expose the other treats. I think this is a fine toy for bigger dogs, but Liam is only 7.7 lbs. My husband also didn't like all the noise."
"I really like the taste of this powder. It is great in a protein shake, especially with 1/2 banana blended in. My issue is with the shelf life of the product. A 6.5 oz container lasts a long time, but the container that I purchased from Amazon expired in less than a month from the purchase date. I noticed that the date of production was exactly a year ago. Most protein powders have a shelf life of a couple of years."
"I used to love this decaf-was my favorite, great flavor, non-bitter but good flavor bordering on strong which I liked. The last carton I received through Amazon.com is weak. I can only use the small cup setting to make it okay. I used to use the larger setting and add a little extra water. Has the amount of coffee in the K-cups been reduced? If the next batch is the same I will be looking for another brand."
"We have 3 cats who stay indoors. They all get hairballs. When they come up, so does anything else in their gastric tracts - food, stomach acid, etc. For some reason they will always leave any durable surface and head straight for any piece of carpeting they can find to hurl! By following the directions carefully,this has become a product that takes the panic out of the process for me. It's the best I have found. I get it in the larger size."
"The price was less than $3 at my local Costco. Saigon Cinnamon is good in tiny amounts for Vietnamese Pho broth or other hearty broths. Maybe as a meat preservative. That's about it. Do not use this species of Cinnamon to flavor coffee or deserts - it is the WRONG cinnamon. For those, you need True Cinnamon (Ceylon Cinnamon). This stuff bites the tongue is good for sprinkling into hearty broths or to use as cheap ant repellent."
"This tea product got me running alright, to the crapper. But it did help loose about 10 lbs, mostly compacted fecal matter. I also feel more energized and feeling alot better. Before taking this product my best friend was a couple of cups of black coffee but since taking this for the last month my craving for coffee and sweets has subsided, however i now have to bulk up on toilet paper. Great product great buy!"
"I keep this cereal on hand all the time. I like the taste. It is low fat, low sodium and has 3 grams of fiber per 3/4 cup serving. I open the bag and transfer it into a tupperware cereal container. I also take the cereal with me when I travel. When my family eats from the motel breakfast, I can eat this. Amazon has a good price. I order it on the subscribe and save program"
"I really love the idea of this coffee from the family of Bob Marley. However, it's packaged in individual pods that work in a Keurig adapter cup, so if you don't have that kind of coffee maker/adapter, this product isn't for you. Not wanting to waste the coffee, I cut up a bunch and brewed in a regular machine. Overall, it's a fairly mild roast with good strong coffee flavor (if you use enough of it) that has some nice fruity tones."
"My two Siberian Huskies were able to remove the Everlasting Treat Refill from the ball within about 15 minutes and devour the treat in short order. I won't bother buying additional ""Not-So-Everlasting"" refills, but I was able to place different types of treats in the ball - including Iams dog biscuits, Trader Joe's beef rolls (broken into smaller pieces), and freeze dried liver training treats. The treat balls are a softer texture than a Kong toy, but still quite durable."
"I like Dynasty Chinese Five Spice as a product. I use it in stir fry. It is a strong flavoring that works well for me since I reduce my sodium intake. I wasn't able to find it locally when I ran out, so I decided to buy the 6 pack choice thinking it should last for a year and a half or so. In this case, the spices all came with a best used by 12/15/12 date.. 4 months only. I got.. old(er) spice. Disappointing."
"The product is very good. It has all the qualities that the savvy consumer would be looking for, plus a good aroma (though not pungent, or ""loud""-- if you're looking for such). In store price of TJ's coconut oil is $5.99. Came to Amazon looking for it; glad to find it... and then WALLOP... floored by the Amazon price. It's nearly 3 times as much at $17.95!!! What gives, Amazon? I'll be driving the 2 hours to TJs."
"I used this product on toast instead of butter, I used it to cook curry chicken. I used it to scramble eggs. I used it to flat iron my hair (smooth) i used it on my skin (mmm). Good vaginal lubricant too. Also great for oil pulling. I read it can be used with baking soda as a natural toothpaste? Haven't tried that one yet. This product is well worth the money for its many uses."
"Once you try, you are hooked. While your supply lasts you will find this to be an enjoyable addition to and diversion from the blandness that is life. Once the warmth and spice from your last chunk wears off will soon find the world less-colorful, mundane...flavorless. Do not run out. This is hard to find and you will not be satisfied by other brands. Learn from my mistake and enjoy, but be sure to maintain a surplus. You won't forget twice."
"It's hard to judge this stuff as jerky, really, since it doesn't have a lot of ""jerk"" - they're little strips about the size and shape of a french fry - perhaps three inches long, and about 3/8"" square. Thanks probably to powerful industrial meat chemicals, they're incredibly tender, and make great little meat-flavored snacks. My only problem with them is that you get maybe a dozen strips per bag, and they're kinda expensive to get so little. Oh well, meat's expensive."
"I got this kit, and was VERY HAPPY to be able to use it in my Fry Daddy Elite 4 cup fryer!!!! The metal ring fits perfectly!! And either the minimum or Maximum fill lines work just fine as far as amount of oil to use. I have not tried to do this in a frying pan as the instructions in the kit specify, I prefer less mess and to use my fryer solved this issue! The taste was pure Heaven!!! So great!!!"
"Whow! I was going to buy a couple of these boxes for my mother because she has SEVERE lactose intolerence and there are very few things that she can eat, until I saw that these wonderful bars have been raised almost $9.00 a box????????? Whow, definitely NO SALE here! Why is it that people are really starting to jump up prices on Amazon so high! Go to Liberty Orchard direct, they are less there. TOO BAD! Very disappointed."
"While the beans can be overly soft, their flavor and quality are very good. Eden Organics is one of the few companies that use safe BPA-free can lining. Unfortunately, several of the cans in my recent order arrived dented. The outer box was not damaged, just the cans. Since denting compromises the safety of the contents, these had to be thrown out. I will not be ordering this online again--I'll go back to selecting individual cans in my local market."
"These treats are the worst I have ever encountered. Yes, they are natural, but good? No. They are dry as hell and I liken them to particle board because of the way they shred and crumble. I would choke if I had to try to swallow these dried up things. Nothing about them resemble duck meat. My dogs wouldn't eat them, and one of them would pretty much eat anything. Would not recommend these at all."
"At first I doubted that these were going to be JUST APPLES. But they are! no sugars added which is great, because apple chips are amazing on their own! Forgo the hassle of making them on your own every once and a while and order a few from Bare Fruit. I don't think you will be disappointed. The granny smith apples are true to the fresh apple flavor. Great snack alone or maybe dipped in a little homemade peanut butter spread. ENJOY!"
Extremely happy with Bisquick gluten free! I had no idea what to expect and was very pleasantly surprised. I always preferred Bisquick pancakes over other popular brands through the years. I am happy to say that I can eat my favorite brand of pancakes again without any health repercussions (gluten intolerant). My next objective is to make the roll recipe on the box. I wish all manufacturers would take note of the rising gluten problem in this country!
"It is hard to get my 9 month old to eat vegetables, but luckily she likes this blend! As another review mentioned, it is pretty runny but I just thicken it up with rice cereal. I'm a little torn on what I think of packages like this - I am glad they are BPA free, and they are convenient for when we're out and about, but in general I prefer glass containers that we can recycle or reuse."
I wanted to try a protein drink for the first time and this is what I chose. It sounded good since I love my coffee drinks. Unfortunately I can not mix it well enough. It is gritty and has a film on top. I tried it hot and cold with no success. The taste is good just not the consistency. It might be good as a frozen drink in the blender but I cant try it because I don't own a blender.
"I really love Earths Best, and have used only EB to feed my little one. This cereal is great, except I would switch back to plain flavor after this box is done. The banana flavor had a weird smell to it when mixed with the formula (similac alimentum), and also if you're giving it in every bottle, then it can constipate your baby. So as for EB regular cereal we LOVE it, but the banana flavor not so much."
"I was purchasing my cat other treats until I came upon this one. Ever since he tried he couldn't stop. He doesn't want any other kind of treats but the Creamy Dairy flavor ones. Acutally, when he was inside his mother, she ate them while she was pregnant, don't know if it had anything to do with it but cats love these! They should start making gigantic bags of these. I pretty much have to buy them by the dozen for my spoiled rotten cat."
"I'm the biggest Oreo cookie eater you'll ever find, so when I discovered they make sandwich cookies I was interested however the taste is significantly different from a regular cookie. The icing is the same, but the cookie part is soft and mushy like a moonpie. You can't really dip these in milk because they fall apart. Not recommended for those who grew up with the dippable kind of Oreo cookies (that being most of us)."
"Sodastream Diet Fountain Mist flavor smells like over-sweetened kerosene based cleaning fluid and although I've never tasted cleaning fluid, this is what I believe it would taste like. I like, and know what the real Diet Mountain Dew tastes like and that Sodastream is representing it (on the label) to be comparable to... but the Diet Fountain Mist flavor doesn't even remotely come close to that! This is one flavor that will be permanently added to my ""avoid at any cost"" list."
"This tea is unbelievable. I have been using it for some time now. Just started buying online. As long as a drink some each day I do not have sinus problems, not even nasal drip. I shared some with my sister-in-law, she said it was better than anything the doctors gave her. It works!!!!!!!! It is the best. No side effects. It just works!!!!! Ok hot or cold with or without sweetner. Enjoy with lemon and ice for summer."
"Eaten alone these flavored almonds are a bit overpowering (pretty tart, but I love 'em). However, if you put them in a large container with other flavored nuts, such as jalepeno smoke, along with raw almonds, cashews, walnuts whatever, the spices are spread among all the other nuts. A great snack. It was also cheaper and easier to get them through Amazon than to run all over town trying to find a store that carries the flavors I want."
"I try to choose healthy snacks when I have the option, and I was pleased to see this brand available in a variety pack. While these fruit snacks are easy to tote around and very good for you, the taste and texture missed the mark with me. All of the flavor varieties were a bit too tough and chewy. The green apple was tart enough to make my eyes water, but the other three flavors were fairly good."
"My husband purchased these for me as a gift. He did not realize that there was more than one kind of candy by the same name. The other candies look the same, but are filled with a truffle-like filling with hazelnuts. These are great if you like chocolate covered cherries. However, be prepared for a kick in the pants. These are definitly not your oridnary chocalate covered cherries. They have a very potent alchaholic punch to them, if you don't mind that I suggest trying them."
"A pleasant surprise awaited me when I first ordered Grove Square milk chocolate Hot Cocoa cups. Not a coffee drinker, I use our Keurig K-cup brewer mostly to make cocoa, and a few other brands I tried simply did not hit the mark. Grove Square cocoa tasted full-flavored, with just enough chocolate essence to make it a perfect drink. The first experience made me anticipate (with pleasure) the next time I popped a Grove Square K-cup into the machine!"
"I have 2 large dogs who are getting older and a little slower now, so I got these for them. They will do just about anything for them. I also have a small dog who is young and she wants them, too. I like that there is nothing harmful in them and that they are a USA product. It is a much more healthful treat and supplement than many that are available. I will be buying these again."
"After reading several reviews from people apparently on diets I now understand the high star rating because if you can't have the real thing something like this passes for good. These are bland, have a weird texture and aren't very good. I will be sending these to work with my husband so he can give them away. I ate a few from my first and only bag before throwing them in the pantry. They are low in calories and low in taste. Pass."
"Vegan. Natural. Raw. Kosher. Great cherry flavor & cherry goodness! Also like their <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000JRALAS"">Larabar Bars, Lemon Bar, 1.8-Ounce Bars, 16-Count Box</a> and <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000JRGCBU"">Larabar Bars, Cinnamon Roll, 1.8-Ounce Bars, 16-Count Box</a>. This review is out there for those for whom this makes a difference. See all of my reviews for more great choices. Check out ""Vegan Grocery Favorites"" and ""Vegan Grocery Top Ten"" in Listmania. Your ""helpful"" votes count and will be greatly appreciated to benefit the search of others. Thank you."
"while it has that artificial sweetener taste, for what it is it's great! After a long day at work, it's pretty awesome to come home, pour some of the mix into a glass, add some rum, and throw in some ice cubes, and DONE! Instant gratification. Not shockingly delicious, but pretty darn good. It's not something i'd serve at a fancy party, but when a few friends show up and want to have a cocktail, this stuff saves the day!"
"I buy Roland peppers at a local restaurant supply store, but the prices from Amazon are better so I'm switching. Roland roasted red peppers have a deep pepper flavor, and the texture is always just right. Unlike some other brands of roasted red peppers, these do not have vinegar or additives that might interfere with your recipe. I use them in many recipes that I would fresh peppers, adding to the recipe at the last minute. I find them almost addictive!"
"I have been trying to find a good brand of jerky that I don't have to order online. I finally tried Jack Link's original. Way too sweet, doesn't taste like meat, and most of the pieces don't have the texture of meat. At times, I thought I was eating plastic. Or some soy meat-substitute. I couldn't even make it through the whole bag. I miss the original Pemmican..., before ConAgra sold the brand and it got ruined..."
"Eaten alone these flavored almonds are a bit overpowering (pretty tart, but I love 'em). However, if you put them in a large container with other flavored nuts, such as lime 'n chili, along with raw almonds, cashews, walnuts whatever, the spices are spread among all the other nuts. A great snack. It was also cheaper and easier to get them through Amazon than to run all over town trying to find a store that carries the flavors I want."
"I was kind of excited about this product before it came in. I found them in a little Atkins carb counter brochure, and thought I'd give it a shot. I was very disappointed to find out that they do NOT taste like cheese crust. They taste like salted cardboard, but being I am sticking to this low carb thing, I do find myself eating them just for the crunch and the fact that I have already wasted $17 bucks on them."
"I put this in my dogs bowl and the first time, my dog,Bob Saget, just licked the bowl clean same ol same ol. Then! I put in some Uranium Ore and bamy waowi HE TURNED GREEN!!! Good results. The next day his eyes startes to glow and, when I took him for his daily stroll he looked at the neighbors cat and it levitated and exploded Good results. I think I'll try some my I have a few people that the world dosen't need :-)"
"These were very nice and colorful, however, they did not package them well enough and several were broken when I received them. They should be shipped in a box, but they only came in a soft envelope with padding. They looked very nice on my cake, but I could not use all of them. I was able to put a few back together - the frosting helped - but some were too shattered. Other than this problem, I liked the product."
This is so great on a chilly or winter cold day. Warms you up and is so easy to make. I also sometimes will add some bits of left over ham too. The package has suggestions of what else you could add to the soup. Also is just great by itself. Great price on Amazon too. Bear Creek is a name you can count on for excellence. Love all their soups. Just so nice when you don't have the time to make you own.
"This product meets all of my expectations. I found the product to be fresh, the seeds were whole, and the bags contained little if any debris. I use the product daily as a supplement and grind the seeds into orange juice. I like the 32 oz size bags this provider offers. I will continue to use this provider for flax seeds as long as the price does not increase and the product continues to meet my needs."
"The muffins are great, but are you people on drugs or what? I pay, $2.79 a box at my grocery store, and you are selling a 12 box package for Over 74 dollars, I would be spending about 35 dollars for 12 boxes, maybe I am missing something here but the math doesn't add up. Also for the folks that are upset about the Sun Maid brand, my grocery store said Krusteaz bought out Sun Maid. So Amazon what's the deal here?"
"I remember seeing these cookies and imagining how nasty they must taste. I tempted myself into trying some and was quite delighted. Granted, they are not the best cookies (that title belongs to Keebler's Soft Batch) but they are certainly an excellent substitute for those who like to eat cookies and not worry too much about weight. They're quite expensive at the stores (between $3.5-4.5 a box) so I ordered them in bulk from Amazon which bought per box cost down to $2.50."
"Absolutely love the different flavors of coffee that were in this bundle; very delicious and at a decent price. I honestly was a little surprised that it came in such a big box only for the K-cups to be in a brown bag and not in their own box like you buy at the store. Other than that small quirk, I probably will buy my K-cups from here again but not after looking at other sellers."
"I love, love, love the Cinnamon Graham Alphabet Cookies. They are hard to find in the stores, and the one place I always could find them is no longer carrying them. So, I bought a Pack of 12. Unfortunately, they were just about to expire, and they were stale. My husband and son ate them anyway, but I was disappointed. I would be nervous about ordering them again. Pity, because when they are fresh, they are 5-star cookies."
"The pepita's are good and the price was right but I wish they would have disclosed that they could be from China. Not that everything Chinese is bad, I'm just not crazy about all the chem's and problems the Chinese are having within they're food industries. eg baby formula. If you can't do baby formula right what chance is getting anything else right??? 3 for bergen's effort but unfortunitely I'll be buying elsewhere and hopefully find something North American."
"This stuff looks disgusting, it really does. It's like meat soup that has been pureed. My cat goes nuts for it. She chirps her tiny cat meow at me whenever I get up in the morning and when I come home from work. I put her dry food in, that she used to love (will definitely switch to Spot's Stew dry next time I buy) and she looks at me like I'm evil. All she wants now is her succulent salmon."
"My dog was on a bland diet (boiled chicken & rice) so his poop was usually solid but a few days after eating 1 Greenie a day, his poop became more liquid-y and green. Not sure if Greenies was actually the cause until I googled and read on various dog forums about how Greenies have affected other dogs. Stopped giving out my dog Greenies and have thrown them away. BEWARE, Greenies CAN be bad, so watch your dog after giving them out."
"If you a fan of sour cream like myself, This product puts a welcome spin on bold taste. It's likes sour cream with a chipotle kick! It goes great with tacos of course and even Burgers for a little south of the border flair. Feeling adventurous one day, I tried it out on a grilled chicken recipe, complete with spanish rice and bell peppers! Can you say YUUUUUUUUUUM! My pantry now has at least two bottles of this at all times. What are you waiting for?"
Whats with the artificial sweetener? Its the only thing I can taste. Awful. Especially since they don't mark it at the front of the box. And it doesn't have that caramelized crunchy sugar coating that I like about Kettle Korn. They carry Orville Redenbacher's kettle korn at movie theaters that tast 100% better then this. Why are they selling this crud to regular consumers then? I've resorted to making my own kettle korn or buying the pre-popped bags from Trader Joe's.
"A friend gave a few cups of this to try. Coffee was great. The cup did not fit my Keurig Special Edition (a few years old) model well. It did not fully seat in the cup holder and top would not close completely unless one held it down during brew cycle. Too bad, it seems like a nice lower waste design for the coffee holder cup. But it simply did not fit my machine properly."
"I received my dino nylabone toy today and was stoked to get the T-Rex. It's much smaller than the picture makes it appear, but that's perfect for my medium sized cocker mix. This toy is hard as a rock and I don't anticipate that he'll be able to destroy it anytime soon, even though he's an obsessive chewer. I was also really pleased with how quickly I received the toy and that the seller didn't charge any shipping fees. Score!"
"My 8 year old Maltese loved these treats. I didn't know about the FDA warnings until after he died from a ""mystery"" illness that started out as vomiting followed by lethargy. He had been very healthy before. The vet did a necropsy and said my dog's liver was severely enlarged and his kidneys were also affected. Please don't feed your beloved pets ANYTHING made in China. If I had known about the dangers, I would never have given these to my dog."
"I bought this for my mother in law who has an allergic reaction to everything. I was excited when I saw this was something she could drink and ordered it for her birthday with a custom made wine glass. It showed up opened and leaking. NOT impressed. If they can't fix their packaging and delivery, I would seriously look elsewhere to buy. They won't even send her a new one. They'll give her credit but won't refund the cost or send her a new one."
I just received these and had to try one. The first cup had an odd caramel taste to it. I kept drinking and finally got used to it. The second cup was better. My husband thought they were too sweet. I will finish the box but will try the plain cider next time. The caramel made covered up the apple taste and made them sweet. Not bad though for only 10 calories. I didn't need any dessert last night!
"Organic. No peanuts (which have mold and are not very good for you). Since I took peanut butter away from my family a few years ago they have begrugingly used other nut butters until we found this. Now they ask for it. Wish the organic version came in chunky style. No oil separation like almond butter, although refrigeration of all nut products is recommended (anything with high oil content can easily go rancid, so keep all nut products cool/cold."
"I'm a fan of all kinds of teas so it's easy to give them a thumbs up. The single pouches are what I use to take with me to work or camping which cuts down on space AND lets me share with others easier. Great product at home or on the go for sure. They do have strings, staples and paper tags which is why I only gave it a 4 star. Eliminate those wasteful parts and they're a five star for sure."
"10 years ago my daughter brought home Creme' Brulee' for the first time. It was perfect, beans to be ground. Since then I have searched for ANYTHING similar. When I realized I couldn't find it, she had forgotten what one she purchased. This one has a strong flavor, but it tastes fake with a strong after taste. Unfortunately it is one of the better ones. If anyone reads this and knows what ones (Carmel and Vanilla), taste great, please post here."
"Unlike other reviewers, I really liked the sauce. Yes, it's a little sweet, but I'm a big Jalapeno fan, so I think it's great. It's good to add to something like tacos or burritos, and you can tell it's a Taco Bell product. It's tastes similar to the other sauces that Taco Bell commonly puts on it's products. It's not something I would use everyday, but I would add to spice up a regular taco night!"
"I purchased it at Old Time Pottery for $1.99--- so i thought i would see if i could purchase this item on-line in bulk- then I saw the price-- uh, i don't think so. what a rip. i did see a site that shall go unnamed that sells it for $1.39 but shpping is kind of steep but even with shipping it is a bargain compared to $3.49--- i am kind surprised that this item is so expensive at Amazon"
"I'm sure this is, scientifically, a healthy diet for cats. Unfortunately, one of my cats will only eat it very reluctantly, and the other one I think would sooner starve to death rather than eat this food. The end result is I am stuck with a bag of food that my cats won't eat, even if I mix it with wet food or another brand of dry food. For me, this stuff was a huge waste of money."
"I ordered this from another website and my newly diagnosed to need to be Gluten Free 16 year old son LOVED it. When returning to the other site to no longer find it there, I returned to my old friend Amazon.com. I am impressed with all the GF products that I can get on here....and even more excited that I can use the Subscribe and Save option to have a continuous supply of mac n cheese always in our house. Thanks."
I visited my daughter in NC and she had the Keurig coffeemaker and I just loved it. I ordered the Keurig K-Cup Home Brewer and I received it. I just do not understand the 6 oz and 8 oz cups because the coffee does not come out to the full amount. This is a problem and I do not understand why this is happening? If I put it on the 8 oz it comes to a half a cup not the full size.
"Amazon is listing ""nutritional info"" such as protein, calories, etc., but omitting the actual list of ingredients in these supplements. I would like to see what I will actually be eating should I use these, and that info is not available here. Note: the ""1 star"" awarded in this review does not reflect on this specific product, of which I have no firsthand knowledge. It's just that I couldn't post this review without choosing 1 to 5 stars."
I just received these and had to try one. The first cup had an odd caramel taste to it. I kept drinking and finally got used to it. The second cup was better. My husband thought they were too sweet. I will finish the box but will try the plain cider next time. The caramel made covered up the apple taste and made them sweet. Not bad though for only 10 calories. I didn't need any dessert last night!
Its smaller than I expected. I dont think 3 inches is as big as it used to be. It comes in this clear goofy plastic box that told me to use said box as a humidity dome. I don't remember seeing a dome in the little shop movie but I tried it anyway. A day later my plant was burned and never recovered. I'd give it more stars if the directions were more clear. It was cool seeing the heads close up on things.
"This is the first time I have tried this product. I have never had the original formula so I can't compare it to what was a highly rated product. At first the taste is somewhat pleasant but not very natural tasting and then there is a lingering aftertaste. I will not buy this again and do not recommend it. I want to try other brands. I think I will enjoy it because coconut water is not very sweet, low calorie and high in potassium."
These are made in china...not a good idea at all considering all the food saftey issues of late. also i feel that it is wrong to buy food/agricultural products from another country (a politically hostile one at that) when our own poor farmers are having such a rough time making ends meet because all their work has been outsourced to these unsafe chinese farms. there are many much safer and ethically sound alternatives to these snacks.
"I have never tried a rendang curry dish before. Preparation was easy - just mix the curry sauce paste and the powdered coconut in a sauce pan, add 4/5 cup of water, and bring to a boil. Add slightly browned beef and serve over rice. In my case, I used seasoned soy strips. The sauce is spicy and very sweet - too sweet for my taste, in fact. It was an interesting culinary experience but once is enough for me."
"Yes they certainly do have an unpleasant aroma when opened, but that is gone as soon as they are rinsed. The texture and mouth feel is interesting...I enjoy it, while others including my husband said they were like eating cartilage. I think that they are best when added to soups, as they give a nice full feeling. I also feel that as a product in general they are overpriced and this applies to all the different brands of Shirataki noodles I've found."
"My title and rating are only due to the fact that this product is not from the USA... and I didn't realize that when I ordered it. I felt betrayed because in theory, it's a great snack... just apples, right? My son likes the taste and I thought all was good... but, the apples are imported... so if you're concerned about the whole arsenic issue of imported apples, then you may want to find a different product."
"Regular salted almonds are okay but tend to be boring after awhile. But Blue Diamond Jalapeno Smokehouse almonds are just amazing. I could eat an entire can in one sitting no problem, probably two cans. I was tempted to give these nuts just 1 star because I'm afraid they're going to make me fat and broke! FYI, I also tried the Wasabi & Soy Sauce almonds--absolutely no comparison, the Jalapeno Smokehouse blow them out of the water (at least to my taste buds)."
"tastes great, good price. i use for iced coffees and tastes just like the mcchain drive thrus that cost about 3 bucks. recipe: steep 2.5 cups ground espresso coffee in 1 gal tap water at room temp for 8 hours, strain (with towel in sieve) and pour in a gal jug. Makes near a gallon. Large glass of ice, strained coffee, 4 sqirts of hazelnut syrup (using the squirt dispenser to fit Torani's bottles), top w/half n half. yummy. recipe may be doubled."
"A very small amount of what is obviously a high-end extra virgin olive oil. Used it quite sparingly for a definite unique flavor. As the old ad goes, ""a little dab'll do you."" Always wanted to try highest quality virgin olive oil. Now i have. Not for those on a budget, and there are some other ""true"" virgin olive oils available at more reasonable cost. Best for those with a champagne budget as well as champaign taste."
"But the candy I received are the small bars - less than 1.5oz each. While these are great for kids, I am disappointed especially for the price I paid which works out to roughly $1 per bar. If I saw this 1.4oz candy being sold for $1, I would definitely not buy it! Everything was great with the transaction, but the value for the money just isn't there. Next time I will take my $35 to Cracker Barrel!"
"I tried to use the cheaper cereals with my baby and she would refuse them. From the moment she tried the HappyBellies, feeding became so much easier. She loves the way it tastes. My only complaint is that I wish it came in bigger packaging. I feel like I am always opening a new can and would rather there be less packaging. But at the same time the cans are very easy to transport when traveling."
Very very disappointed in this product. Straight out of the bottle this 'extract' has a strong alcohol odor with a hint of Rose. Sadly it appears that they diluted what might be a very nice product with massive quantities of alcohol in order to make it look like you are getting much more then you really are. Once the large amount of alcohol liquid evaporates it has a nice Rose smell but does not last long.
"I purchased this coffee based on all the positive feedback, but either I got some bad/old/expired bags or those that gave it 5 stars have no taste buds. This coffee tastes like dirty water. I even tried making it stronger than I usually do and it left a ""tinny"" aftertaste. I'm not even a coffee connoisseur. I'm going to stick with buying my coffee at the grocery store. At least I know what's fresh. And good."
"This Starbucks ""Veranda Blend Blonde"" K-Cup makes a nicely smooth cup of coffee that tastes every bit as good as the in-store brew. I personally go for stronger and ""bolder"" coffee but most of the other coffee drinkers in my family prefer this over the much more affordable <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0029XDZIK"">Donut Shop K-Cup packs for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50)</a> we typically drink. Recommended for the flavor (5 stars) but not at the retail price (3 stars). CFH"
These taste great and if you don't cook them all the way the tiny bits of pork rinds stay crunchy and hard (Which I love!) It's very reminiscent of porchetta skin. I keep a case of these at work and one at home. That way I have a quick snack at the office and a nice substitute for popcorn at home. Honestly these taste better than any popcorn I've ever had. If you are on a ketogenic diet these are a must have.
"I ordered based on the 5 star review and it's taking 2 months to receive. When I originally placed my order it was showing as available. However it's been a long wait. I was looking for Easter candy, might make it to me by Fathers day. They need to do a better job of fulfilling their orders, I'm going to be so annoyed by the time I receive it that I'm not going to like it no matter what it tastes like."
Great product for walking the dog! I walk my Benny for hour a day and put four in my pocket and when he jumps over a stump I always give one! He loves all the flavors but peanut butter is the favorite and they are chewy and not crispy like how some dogs do not like baked or crispy snack. 4 bags for a good price and last a long time it seems! Great treats for your dog and great for training and quick rewards.
"You never know with mixes of any kind, particularly ones that you don't see in grocery stores, at least not much in Tennessee. This makes excellent pancakes. Made waffles once, and it did not do quite as well. Generally, waffles take more oil than pancakes so that could explain it. Also,it was first use of waffle iron and that may have contributed to mediocre results. But pancakes are great. Great ingredients, great taste, and ease of preparation."
"The Whenever Bars were incredible. My wife is allergic to wheat gluten and I choose not to eat it as well. Because of this, I was very excited to Pamela's Whenever Bars. Not only are the bars gluten free, but I can actually pronounce every ingredient. As for taste, the chocolate and coconut are very pronounced. I felt as if I was eating a macaroon. I can't wait to order more of these soon."
"I am a lap-band patient and was having a very hard time finding a protein shake that I actually could stomach, but this one is the winner. I use fat-free milk, and some vanilla almond milk to mix mine up. Its quick, tasty, and gives a nice jolt with the espresso already in the mix! I have yet to try it hot, but for quick and easy cold mixing I highly recommend one of those blender bottles. I also like their new flavor: vanilla latte."
"This Taco Bell sauce misses the mark. I gave a very positive review for the other two flavors of Taco Bell sauce, but this one is no good. It is almost like they are trying to get a cheesy nacho taste in this, but it comes off like fake cheese flavor. Really very unappealing, and I suggest you not waste your time/money on this one. The Chipotle and the Jalapeno sauces are wonderful, but this one is a loser."
I received a box of this tea as part of a Christmas gift and was excited to try it. I really like it but find each bag is only good for one cup of fairly weak tea. I like my tea to have a lot of flavor so this was a little disappointing for me. I liked it enough that I bought more but find it to be fairly expensive because I often use more than one tea bag when one should be enough.
"I have a standing order for Gloria Jeans K Cup Hazelnut. On the last shipment,I noticed the K Cups didn't look like I thought they should have. The lettering was outlined in white, and there was nothing that said ""Hazelnut"" like there used to be. I did go to Gloria Jeans offical page, and I could not find K Cups that looked like that. Makes me wonder if what I got were counterfit versions. Also makes me think I'll cancel my next order."
"I got a new batch of these tasty sticks and it seems they withered down the skin quite a bit. Even just early this yr, I had to many times spit out the skin because I just couldn't chew it enough to let it go down. I was basically chewing on it enough to get the inner ""meat"" out of the tough casing. Now, I can barely notice the casing and *everything* goes down much easier. I just had 2 sticks and they were yummy!!"
"It is hard to find PURE juice of any kind at a reasonable price but here is one that fits the bill.Remember, this is pure cherry juice not from concentrate. It is also NOT organic,which is about $14.00 more. As it is this is a fine tart juice and being pure is full of antioxidants and anti- inflamationary properties and great for mixing with any of the other juices(red)from the fine Lakewood line.This or organic?Your move."
"Not enough coffee flavor and definitely to sweet. It had good flavor, but I am just not used to the amount of sugar it had in it and I add a half cup of regular coffee to it to tone it down. I wish I had realized that it contained sugar and cream, if I had I think I would have chosen something different and been a lot happier with the purchase. Kids should love this coffee drink though...."
"I like the assortment, and the taste, it's not too sweet, and not too salty. Can grab and go with it, or keep in desk drawer for mid morning or mid afterdnoon pick me up. Only drawback is the sweet part melted in the heat here in the south this summer when delivered, but I put in refrigerator, and then used from there. Also, I use subscribe and save, and then I don't run out, and I save money."
"Kettle Branch Potato Chips New York Cheddar: These are good if you like kettle fried potato chips that are waaaay salty, on the burnt side, and taste rancid, either because the cheese flavoring or the oil it was fried in was already old. I want to like this brand of chips and try their new and other flavors every now and then. But, after having tried all sorts of other brands of kettle cooked chips, these just don't hit the spot for me."
"The ""big nut"" bars from Planters peanuts are exactly as promised: extremely nutty. They remind me of Paydays, but without the chocolate covering and the intense sweetness. Even though I love peanuts and PB, I'd probably only buy it if it were smaller or if the nuts were honey roasted...or if they had more than one flavor. They are a little too big for a mid-morning snack, and I'd definitely alternate this product with something else on a frequent basis."
"Shipping: Ordered on a Sunday of Week 1. Placed in box on a Friday of Week 2. Received it Wednesday of Week 3. Whoever's responsible for shipping (Amazon or Blue) took their sweet time to drop it in this 8""x5"" box. Product: Currently testing the converter with a Shure PG58. Gain is incredibly low and a annoying tone when recording. I do believe the product is in working condition; too bad I have to figure out how to edit the hardware properly."
"These chips are wonderful. My whole family loves them. However, when I ordered them a few days ago, they were $21.00 for a case of 24 with free shipping through Amazon Prime. Now I see they have went up in price to $26.00 with a shipping cost of over eight dollars and they are no longer Amazon Prime. I won't order them again because of that--just hope I can find them elsewhere. They really are very good chips."
"I am surprised by the other reviews. We found this at our local grocery store and we were pleasantly surprised by the price which was way cheaper than most gluten free foods. My two boys and I made the coffee cake recipe on the back of the box and we really liked it. It had great texture and was just like ""normal"" coffee cake. I am going to put this on my ""subscribe and save"" list and make the coffee cake a regular weekend treat."
"I was really excited to get this product, as an alternative to straight coffee, for my keurig. Sadly, not only am I disappointed that it is not frothy, as the picture on the box shows, but 1/4 of the box are defective k-cups. The edges of the foil on top are not sealed, so the cups contents have leaked and the machine does not function properly if you still try to use them. I feel that I definitely wasted my money."
"I have two big cats (over 15 lbs each) and they eat mostly canned food. I don't feed them dry food except as a treat. Both cats come running when I shake the can. They eat them up and beg for more. OK, the packaging is excessive to say the least. They come in a paint can when a plastic zip bag would easily suffice. I'm taking a star away for the paint can which is only about 1/3 full when you put in the treats."
"I love these boba balls! They are so good. Next time I will only buy the boba balls because I just reuse panera smoothie cups and straws and the tea mixes that came with this was nasty, some were okay but I would never pick to drink those. I just put the boba balls in homemade smoothies or the store bough jamba juice mixes or the yoplait smoothie mixes. Hope you enjoy these as much as I do!"
"This was thin, unlike the last xtra large that I ordered from this supplier. I think it will still work for the dog to chew, at least until is shrinks 2 inches or so. Since my dog is a mastiff, I'm afraid that he'd try to swallow the thing whole if it gets too much smaller, due to its thin diameter. So far, he hasn't shown much interest in chewing it. I think he likes the taste of the elk and moose antlers better."
I have been giving the Stewart's Pro-Treat Freeze Dried Beef Liver to my maltipoo named Elvis Lee for many years now along with his daily meals. It is all PURE Freeze Dried Beef Liver which provides him with protein since he is a very active boy who likes to go for long walks and play ball! Elvis Lee is very particular about what he likes and this Freeze Dried Liver is on his list of FAVORITES!!
"Yankee Clipper sardines are my favorite because they have that ""lightly smoked"" flavor. When Von's didn't stock them any more, I special ordered them from their distributor...at a premium, and some times with a hassle. A recent Google search revealed that they were available at Amazon.com and at a very good price. This is where I will return for reorders. A can a day with a few ""homemade pickled garlic cloves"" makes me feel healthy !!"
"I bought this item for my daughter's friend who plays tennis. The chocolate had mottled/whitish spots on it which means it has been sitting around the company or warehouse for a while, also the handle of the racket was broken down the middle. Needless to say it was far from suitable as a gift. It when into the garbage where my money had gone. Stay away from this product and company! It's a waste of time and money."
"Simply put, my cats love it. I used to buy another brand that was the ONLY one I could find that both would consider edible. That one was not available for a few months and I tried every canned food possible. They would not touch any of them, needless to say my friends cats got a lot of treats-then I found this company, they liked it right off the bat and they like most of the varieties. Finally, everyone is happy."
"We have a floor standing popcorn machine and tried a few different products before getting this one. We stopped looking when we got this! It's the bomb! We love it and buy it by the case. It's the real deal, and I highly recommend it. We top it with 'popping and topping' for more butter flavor, but many of our guests like it just as is. Just a heads up, the 'oil' portion is somewhat solid when it comes, not watery."
"To me it seems like too much sugar, not enough chocolate, a little heavy on the spice. Sugar is the first ingredient. But if not for the sugar problem I wouldn't complain about the spice. I tried adding 1/2 pound of powdered cocoa to the 3 pound bag and it was still too sweet. It's amazing to me how far this is from ""the best hot chocolate ever"" like other reviewers rated. Def try a small bag first to see who you agree with."
"I'm not sure whether it's the fact that it came straight from Taiwan weeks after I ordered it (something I did not realize), but these were so light and airy in taste that I could barely pick up the chocolate cookie and cream flavor. It was really...REALLY light. Still, it wasn't all bad so I can't give it a bad review. It's just not the flavor for me. Bought it on a whim of curiosity, probably won't get it again."
"If you're looking for something to keep the gnats out of your face during the summer months, this product works great. I do a lot of gardening, and the gnats will run me back indoors here in South Carolina. Cutter Advanced with picardin is the only thing I've found that also gets the gnats. Deet works great on mosquitoes, but doesn't repel gnats. Picardin works better for that. My husband takes it with him on the golf course, too."
"As others have said, this product should receive zero stars and negative ratings. It is honestly terrible and does taste like chemicals. I thought the flavor could be masked in oatmeal, on sandwiches or with apples and raisins, but no such luck. Not to mention the texture is gross and more like a pudding than a real pb. I would not recommend this to anyone, no matter how diet conscious one is trying to be-buy freshly ground organic nut butters that deliver taste, texture and protien!"
"This dog food contains mostly corn and disgusting animal digest (slaughter house scraps like hooves, hair, feathers, etc). People are fooled into buying this because of the commercials and packaging. These types of foods do not give dogs the protein they need. It gives them awful gas because they cannot digest the corn meal. There are much better food for dogs like Natural Balance and Merrick's Before Grain. Don't waste your money on this garbage. Learn to read ingredient labels before you buy."
"Our family eats a lot of very dark chocolate (80-90% cocoa). Sometimes we purchase something a little sweeter for a change. This 70% chocolate is okay, but doesn't have enough chocolate flavor. The Choco-love chocolates are milder and our family felt the 70% was too mild -- it also didn't taste as sweet as you might expect for a 70% cocoa chocolate. We find that the 77% Chocolove has an excellent balance of mild chocolate flavor and sweetness and is our preferred Chocolove product."
"When opening the bag, the smell was very strong of cherry cough syrup. Once brewed the smell it much lighter and not unpleasant. The flavor was ok, pleasant roobios flavor, however the cherry blossom part left something to be desired. Overall I am pretty ambivalent about this flavor and probably won't order it again. I have ordered other flavor teas from this company and enjoyed them very much. The <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0060JNRJQ"">Tea's Etc 1000 Cranes White Tea, 8-Ounce</a>, for example, is spectacular."
I much prefer the taste of plain water or maybe water with a little lemon in it to this product at least in the sweet tea flavor. To me just a little bit of the liquid made the water taste flat and odd while adding more made it sickeningly sweet. It does come in a cute little container and I appreciate that it doesn't need to be refrigerated and is perhaps less messy than powdered drinks. But otherwise I am unimpressed.
"These are better than regular corn nuts, and this may be due to the larger size of the kernels. They have a deliciously toasted, salty flavor, and an incredibly satisfying crunch. I like these way more than any other chip or similarly savory snack food. I knocked a star off because they are a bit too salty, but in a way this is good because it prevents me from eating the whole package at once."
"This tea has an awfully light flavor. I use this powder to make green tea lattes and green tea frappes. Very tasty. I generally shake 12 ounces cold milk, 2-3 packets of this tea powder, and 1 ounce simple syrup, then pour it over ice. Tho make the frappe, I blend the same ingredients with ice, instead of pouring it over ice. It is annoying that to make a small drink I need to use 2-3 times more than expected."
Very tacky to leave loose k-cups - i know that they are sealed but you realize people will drink from these - i just hope its sanitary - i washed them anyway - but still its disgusting....won't be ordering from this person again. Looks like since this is a trend with these types of products maybe i should just order from manufactor - afterall its only a couple of dollars to assure getting factory sealed packages....... Be ready to wash your product when it arrives.
"I like it. It has good fiber. Plenty protein. Good price. Only thing is the consistency is that of fine sand. I don't taste anything but my girlfreind says it tastes like bad breath. I think it works best in smoothies but I mix it in water sometimes and it literally sinks to the bottom of the glass, I have to mix for every sip or I end up with green wet sand at the bottom of the cup when I am done. So best blended!"
"The product itself deserves 5 stars as all 3 of my cats go crazy and sometimes even fight for it. However, Cat-Man-Doo or ""Bonito Flakes"" as the Japanese call them are used in actual cooking and if you look it up under this name on Amazon, there are sellers who are selling it for a fraction of the price listed here. You can also find this at your local Korean/Japanese grocer in big bags that last months."
"I was told in a previous review that these beans were not good. They were right! Some were awful, and my kids enjoyed every miniute! During a Harry Potter themed birthday, we had an ""every flavoured bean tasting"" The dirt and grass were pretty realistic, but the vomit was a bit coconutty in taste. (Hmmm. Makes me wonder.) Anyway, they were not all meant to be delecious, yet some were (think, Tutti-Fruity) I would def give them a go again should we have the urge."
"I had tried the Rosemary Potato Chowder and it was bad, but the Thai Sweet potato is even worse if possible. Bland, thin with tiny pieces of sweet potato and carrot, this soup looks nothing like the soup on the box. Adding salt did not even help. When I was heating this soup up in the microwave at work, my co-workes all said how good it smelled and wanted to taste it. The consensus was it was horrible.It went in the trash."
"Clearly I need to brush up on my math skills. I ordered the Riceworks brown rice crisps assuming the $17.95 price was reflective of a bulk purchase - because who in their right mind would pay $17.95 for ONE BAG OF CHIPS. But - sadly - no, the $17.95 was reflective of one 16oz bag of chips. No, really - it is/was. To add to this purchasing disaster, the chips were completely crushed resulting in a price average of .10/chip crumb. It's *almost* funny."
"I love Kettle Brand Chips! I've been in love with the Honey Dijon for years and decided to try out their other flavors. Sea Salt & Vinegar Chips are TANGY, SOUR, and make my lips pucker when I eat too many at a time. I got 12 big bags for a steal from amazon ($11 WHAT?!?). Personally, the flavor is too much for me, but my mom & aunt LOVE them and they hate potato chips."
"My mom gave me a box of this a few years ago and I had just recently gotten around to trying it. It was excellent. I bought another box and the second I opened the first packet I could smell that they had changed the recipe. Checking the back of the two boxes confirmed it. Cinnamon is about all I taste when I drink it, although the aftertaste has a hint of clove. Pretty expensive for something that tastes mixed by a child."
"The title says it all. Great flavor, hint of spice, excellent crunch. We eat Kettle chips by the truck load at my house, we like all the flavors but this one far and away is our favorite, never enough bags to get us to our next shipment. I just wish Amazon could get the larger bags on subscribe and save! If you buy these make sure you have enough for everyone otherwise you may not get enough for yourself!!!"
"Finally got my shipment today and was very anxious to try PB2 due to all the rave reviews.I found it to be pretty tasty but found it to be lacking the true pb and chocolate taste.Don't get me wrong,it tastes good to someone who has been on a 500 calorie diet {HGC DIET} since January 2,2012.I am cheating eating this product but pb has always been my downfall.I will continue to use this product as a treat unless i stop losing weight."
"My cat enjoyed this food very much. He is an older cat and can be finicky. He *really* showed great interest in this brand, and liked the amount of juice in the food. He preferred the chunky chicken in the pot pie flavor rather than the shredded chicken in the sesame entree, but hey he ate both with gusto! So if you have a picky eater, who likes a fair bit of gravy, this could be a winner for you!"
"I like a bolder cup of coffee - not ""Starbucks-bold"" but full bodied and flavorful. The SF Bay Fog Chaser really fits that bill. Not over the top strong but very flavorful. Its great that this product offers competition to the traditional K-cups. Price is lower but quality is very high. We've never had an issue fitting this into our Keurig brewer. The only issue mentioned by many others is the small ""sediment"" in the bottom of each cup."
"The problem with the Mini Moos is that I never see an expiration date until I receive the product. I'll purchase it, then when it gets here I see that it expires in about two months. I don't even use up all the product and it's past the expiration date. You should let the buyer know what the expiration date is before we make the purchase so we don't buy too much, then get stuck with a box that is past the date."
I place order on 25 June 12 . But this snack expire on 18 sep 12. I order about 200-300 bottle of Gerber Graduate! I got only 2 mounth and a bit left for this flavor!!!!!!!!!!!! Poor!!!!!! Why you do with your royal costumer like this. I pay you a lot every mounth! Bad sale. If it almost expire just keep it away or send it to the bin. Don't give it to me. Waste of money!
"This peach tea honestly tastes like it was flavored with peach-scented soap. The tea itself is probably fine, but the flavoring that they used is overpowering and barely resembles peach flavor. After I opened the package, a cheap, artificial peach scent filled the entire room, which was not bad in itself, but the soapy taste made this tea completely unacceptable. It sounds cruel to say this, but the flavor of this tea is closer to peach shampoo than peach tea."
"That's right parents, the unit warped on the first use and basically became a $150 paper weight. We contacted the company and they did happily send replacement parts but geez, you can't have a product going to the crapper after one use. Totally unacceptable. On the bright side, it did do a good job of making the sweet potato goo but it was nothing that boiling a sweet potato and throwing it in a real food processor can't do."
"<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO5R0Y"">Stash Premium Double Bergamot Earl Grey Tea, Loose Leaf, 3.5-Ounce Pouches (Pack of 3)</a> This is a very nice double Bergamot, if you don't like Bergamot stay away, if you don't like Earl Grey stay away It's heavy on the Bergamot people! That's why they call it DOUBLE BERAMONT EARL GREY. The Upton Tea loose Extra Bergamot is a good alternative also. But for the price this is a good one. Loose, or in bags it's a nice tea."
"My husband and I have been ordering cerelac for a year now. We transitioned from the wheat and milk to the wheat, milk and honey after our daughter turned one. This breakfast cereal has been a God send for us as working parents, it is easy to fix, its clearly our babies favorite food and it is nutritious without all the sodium/sugars you may find in regular cereal. I highly recommend this product.<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EPPBXG"">Nestle Cerelac, Honey and Wheat with Milk, 14.11-Ounce Cans (Pack of 4)</a>"
"I've tried several types of coffee, but this is by far my favorite. It has a very pleasant ""nutty"" flavor. It's incredibly smooth. Most types of coffee give me heartburn when I drink ""too much"". However, Seattle's best doesn't give me any heartburn whatsoever. I'm a loyal fan. I will add that I purchase mine at Wal-Mart (seems to be cheapest there), and I can find online coupons regularly for $1.50 off each bag, which helps a lot."
"See the Core Wellness forums for confirmation. They are shifting the formula now that they have been bought out by Berwind Corporation. A note was in our last bag of food confirming this, and with the most recent bag, the food has a whiter appearance and our cats actively refuse to touch it. This leaves us in a bind because we have a cat that requires grain-free food. I will not be going back to this product ever again."
"There is a strong bitterness to this that makes me wonder if it is half peel. I will not ever buy it again and it was a waste of my money money. It may be good for pies, I don't know, but the bitterness over-rides anything with which it is used. Buy the real thing, limes, or don't buy this. I used a small amount in a smoothie and it was ruined. I'll stick to the lemon juice."
"This is one of the few cereals that I find very tasty just on its own as a snack or as dessert. Crunchy with a nice cinnamon flavor. It is very sweet, however - I prefer to mix it with something such as Cheerios when eating it for breakfast since the sugar can be overpowering as you get close to the bottom of the bowl. Good value if you can get it on an Amazon price dip and/or when they run a promo."
"This mix only makes one round cake and the flavor and texture are not as good as you would expect - even for gluten free. I have even added more vanilla and sugar on one attempt. I added a packet of vanilla pudding mix to make up for the poor flavor on another try, but it didn't work either. The chocolate version is much better. The flavor is not good enough to buy again and it doesn't even make a whole 2 layer cake."
"this tea has the best flavor i have ever tasted!!! i tried it for the first time at work and instantly fell in love with it, it is a strong tea but not strong tea flavor. intense cinnamon and clove with that citris background. hands down best tea i have ever had!! even my husband loved this tea and he only likes sweet tea, no need for any sugar it is perfect you can also double brew the tea bags!!"
All of the cans in this case are dented in different places. It is obvious to me that dented cans were hand-picked for packaging. The fault does NOT lie with FedEx or UPS because of the location of the dents. Someone just took the damaged soups off the shelf and packed them up for sale. Food items cannot be returned or refunded. This is a battle with Amazon that will continue until I receive a refund.
"In the past, the Donut House K-Cups have been of the highest quality & would have been rated 5 stars. However, even tho the quality of the product is still there, the last time I received the 80 pack, several of the K-Cups were broken & the coffee missing. Some of them were broken within the box & the coffee was everywhere. That is the reason for the 4 star rating - will order them once more to see if the last order was an anomaly."
"I used this conditioner along with the Clear Scalp & Hair Beauty shampoo, and they were a great pair! The conditioner was just heavy enough to nourish my hair, but not so heavy that it weighed it down. It smells great and is easy to distribute throughout the hair. It left my hair feeling silky and smooth. I used it every day, and it never felt like it was too much. It rinsed out easily, but the moisture remained. I highly recommend this product!"
"My grandmother used to make homemade noodles, rolling the dough out with a rolling pin and using a knife to cut the noodles into long strips. I never thought I would be able to find anything close to her homemade noodles, but the Mrs. Weiss Kluski noodles sure come close. Just be sure not to over-cook or the noodles become too soft and mushy. Thank you, Mrs. Weiss, for bringing back memories of my grandma's kitchen!"
"For me, Kettle is the best brand on the market. They really know how to turn the humble potato into something fit for the gods! I didn't think anything could top their salt and pepper chips, but these are my new favorite. The flavors are pure and real. They go great with just about everything and are highly addictive! I hope they come out with a low fat version; their low fat chips are excellent but they need more flavors."
"I bought this based on my experience in europe. I figured it was Italian and would taste as much of the coffees did when last I visited Europe, Bold and stout. Also, I was drawn in by the words ""La Crema""...meant strong and with much head like a beer I thought.Unfortunately, the coffee was much like a regular, everyday folgers blend, kinda bland and fairly regular. Buy it if you like regular coffee but pass otherwise."
"Our family found Stash's Double Bergamot in a grocery store, tried it, loved it --and lost it. Seems stores have limited shelf space and rarely carry ""specialty"" items like the Double Bergamot Earl Grey. If you like Earl Grey, you will adore the Earl with Double Bergamot. Very distinctive flavor. Unique! Thankfully Amazon sells the six-pack of this special tea, which we get on automatic delivery so we never run out. Priced better than the local stores."
I did a search for low carb foods and this was one of the items that popped up! Hooray! The carb content isn't listed but I figured that Amazon wouldn't lead me in the wrong direction. WRONG! I got my order and this is chalk full of carbs. I didn't even bother to try it so I don't know if it's any good but if you're looking for a low carb goodie.... keep looking. This isn't it.
"Wow my cat just loves this food. I love that it doesn't have grains. I used to feed my cat Iams and then the other innova's and she just wasn't satisfied. I have to feed my cat three times a day, small amounts because she throws up when she gets too much. This food she is satisfied with and she has only thrown up 2x since I started her on this 3 months ago. This is worth the money if you love your cats!"
"I was really surprise about the taste. It was very delicious. You can really taste the pomegranate, blueberry and pistachio. No kidding. I love each one of those and to be combined in one great snack, that's so KIND :) Oh! The antioxidants is a plus. The reason I only give it four star is because it is high in calories and sugar. Other than that, I definitely would buy this again and recommend it. I just ordered another flavor too."
I use to get these at grocery and convenient stores when I was a kid living in Oregon and Washington. I was always a sucker for good peanut butter candy and remembered just loving these things. I'm not sure if they've changed or if I just got a dryer batch but I thought I remembered the peanut butter being much creamier and this stuff is like a dry chunk. It still wasn't bad necessarily but I was definitely not as pleased as I remember.
"I normally love these chips when I buy them from the grocery store, however you can never find them in the small bags. I was so excited to find them here on Amazon ... but these chips arrived very stale, I was so disappointed. My guess, they were just old! ***UPDATED Review*** Thank you Amazon for quickly handling this issue. The next batch of chips that I received were fresh and delicious! You guys get an A+ in customer service. :-)"
"My daughter loves coconut water and I have purchased another brand for her from amazon before. I did not taste the other brand but it was guava or mango. I thought pineapple sounded good. After it arrived, I thought I'd try one. It was room temperature and it did not taste good. However, my daughter loves the coconut water and this flavor as well. So, to each his own - liking or disliking it is obviously a matter of individual preference."
"I got this NOW virgin coconut oil when my usual brand (Tree of Life) was not available. Comparing the two, NOW is more gritty and not as smooth (in solid state) as ToL. Now also has more of a coconut flavor. Both are fine for cooking, adding to smoothies, using on skin, and eating from the jar, I guess it just depends on personal preference. Both products are good for you and backed by well respected companies. I personally like ToL better."
"Our vet suggested these chews to help our dog's teeth and my dog prefers them to any other rawhide chew. OK prefer is not the best word, more like she's addicted and must have one to ""brush her teeth"" every night. The product is excellent, her teeth look fabulous, and she's happy. I'm happy because the cost through Amazon is nearly half of what I'd pay at the vet's office, even with the cost of shipping thrown in. I most definitely recommend this product."
i loved this flavor and am sad they have stopped making it. i also liked rice Oriental but that is gone too. hamburger helper used to make great flavors. but now they SUCK! after i cant find/buy this one anymore. i am doubtful i will ever be buying this brand again. i would buy 100 cases of rice Oriental if i could find it. cheesy hash brown was not the best but certainly one of the better ones that remained.
"I read all the reviews before receiving the product, and that was my mistake. There are just far too many fussy people apparently writing reviews. I was worried--will it create a dust storm in my kitchen? Is there some unique method of mixing this like no earlier powdered milk I have ever mixed? And so on. Here's the skinny--take good water, pour in blender, plop in the powedered milk, blend for 2 seconds and enjoy!"
"flour is great. very tasteful and works great with all kind of gluten free recipes. it also add boost flavor when you use it with pork food and baking goods. But how you gonna use 6pack of soy flour in a month?? since i'm a person who doesn't like to throw food away, i did share these with my neighbors. well.. unless you gonna share with someone or have big family, i wouldn't recommend to buy big portion of it."
"Thanks to the other reviewers for offering their useful experiences with this product; now I can try many of their suggestions -- and offer my own. This product has become my seasoning of choice (well, after pepper) and useful additive in: homemade jams, marmalades, sourdough breads, salads, soups, reconstituted dried veggies, hot chili sauces, et al. Who needs salt? NOW products have turned up in many forms in my kitchen, always with high quality. Many, many thanks, folks!"
". . . like me, you can still enjoy the delicate beauty of bonsai. Carefully preserved, these are real bonsai preserved in suspended animation. They need no feeding, pruning, watering or plant care, merely cosmetic care. For those of us who don't have the time, patience or skill to cultivate plants, these make a nice surrogate, and they make nice gifts, too. Preserved bonsai can reach into the hundreds of dollars. This one is double-trunked, reasonably priced, and very attractive."
"This is basically misleading advertising. They label it pure, but have a genetically modified ingredient within. Maltodextrin is genetically modified corn sugar. GMO corn is one of the worst things you can put into your body according to my research, along with Canola Oil(no matter how they claim it's healthy), Aspartame, high fructose corn syrum, and other hydrogenated oils. Shame on them for labeling this ""Pure"". You got my $10, but I will never buy their products again"
"I gave one of these to my 1-year old who only has 2 teeth but is teething like crazy. Less than 2 minutes later a piece over an inch long broke off in her mouth. I pulled it out and she was fine, but I didn't expect it to break that easily. She obviously loved the taste and feel because she grabbed the rest and started in again. They are incredibly messy but seem to serve their purpose. Definitely don't give these unsupervised, though."
"I was definitely impressed by the amount of flavor packed in a single square of cinnamon toast crunch. The problem for me was that I am currently 21 years old and seem to be losing that sweet tooth i used to have. No seriously... it was pulled out. I love the taste, but too much sugar. I think I'll stick with Raisin Bran. P.S. You definitely cannot ""see"" the taste. I don't even know if that's possible."
"My perspective: I usually prefer light roasts, because I hate bitterness. I always add cream and sugar -- usually flavored creamers and Torani syrups. Mostly, I like coffee that is very very easy to drink. But, light roasts were getting a little weak and boring. This coffee: Much more flavorful and rich than most light roasts, but just as drinkable. It's hearty but smooth. One of my favorite coffees, and you really can't beat 4 packages for $10. Definitely glad I tried this!"
"I received a box of these via the Amazon Vine Program. I'll start by saying that I've always liked Cheez-It crackers, especially partial to the White Cheddar and to the Original. This Mozzarella flavor was not so good and frankly the crackers seemed stale. They were not as crunchy as I expect Cheez-It crackers to be and there were a lot of broken bits - at least 1/4 of the total weight was broken bits and crumbs. I certainly would not buy this flavor."
"I just received my order and within the expected time frame. What I expected were whole leaves, but instead I received 12 small bags of leaves that have been crushed into small and tiny peices. I am using them (I need them for a dish and they are hard to find), but I was hoping for the whole leaves. If you are interested in this item, please know that they are not whole leaves but small peices."
I buy Hol-Grain Brown Rice Crackers - No Salt - by the case. (Because they are not always in stock at my local health food store.) I love the fact that there are NO OTHER INGREDIENTS-- just brown rice! My kids are not thrilled by the taste. But they are used to salt and the other additives. I think these are definitely healthier and have a nice crunch. I usually have them with hummus or cheese for a quick snack when I get home from work.
"I'm a big fan of this soda. There is a local restaurant that sells it (Texas BBQ style) and it is so good! Bright red, tastes like vanilla with a very light cherry taste. I see others describe it as bubblegum taste but I don't think it tastes like bubblegum. Its more like vanilla cream with just a hint of fruit. This drink is a must taste! Too bad we can't get it here in California grocery stores! Awesome!"
"These are a good candy for children that need to be on all natural diets. If eaten plain, they are no match for M&Ms. They worked well in monster cookies, however. At least, I thought so. My husband and children did not agree with me, however. I think these are an excellent alternative if some of the artificial flavors and colors found in other candy do not agree with you (or you don't agree with them)."
"The coffee had a nice bold, flavor, but the foil on the cups were not properly sealed, and I mean all of the cups. Every brewing left grounds in the cup and sometimes made a complete mess because the water wasn't going through the brew tip. The flavor of the coffee was not enough to warrant a better rating because we get this product for convenience and easy clean up, as much as for the flavor."
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"I haven't tried this coffee, and I hope I never do. Even unintentionally. You know how this coffee is made? They feed coffee berries to palm civet cats. Then wait for the cats to poop out the beans. Then they use the pooped out beans. I'm not joking. Yeah, they say the beans are ""thoroughly washed"" after collection. Do you believe it? Don't do it. There are plenty of normal coffees."
"Lovely sentiment, not what was expected, though. Somehow thought the cheese would be in a gift box similar to the one shown, not just stuffed into dismal styrofoam. I'm not certain what to make of the leaking eplorateur that was rewrapped in some plastic wrap....hmmm..wonder if it was shipped out that way or someone had opened the container -it's below freezing here, so doubt it ""thawed"" en route will probably go out for dinner or to the jeweler next year"
"Either I am reading some thing wrong or the previous review claiming the price went up on this product is an understatement. At $6.25 for an 8 oz. jar and $7.78 for shipping, this is a product costing over $14. This brings the per ounce cost to $1.75 an ounce. This seems a bit excessive when you can buy Lump fish Caviar for only $1.92 and ounce if you have Prime shipping. Just saying. Guess my guests won't be tasting this next weekend."
"As a Registered Nurse who is also diabetic, I especially like the convenience of the Nature Valley Granola Thins for a quick pick me up if I experience low blood sugars. The best part of this product, though, is the taste! The worst part is that the actual thin is 2-4 bites and gone...all deliciously, though. They do make a log of crumbs so I suggest eating it over a saucer or napkin, don't miss morsel of this incredible product!!"
"I bought this product not because I had a supply issue but becuase I needed to increase my milk production in order to store some milk for future use. I don't think the tea tasted bad, it tastes like tea. Additionally to the tea I started having oatmeal once or twice a day. Before tea or oatmeal I could pump 2 extra ounces a day, after, I can pump 4 maybe 5 extra ounces a day. I think this probably works but not sure....."
"I was kind of excited about this product before it came in. I found them in a little Atkins carb counter brochure, and thought I'd give it a shot. I was very disappointed to find out that they do NOT taste like cheese crust. They taste like salted cardboard, but being I am sticking to this low carb thing, I do find myself eating them just for the crunch and the fact that I have already wasted $17 bucks on them."
"... some of the flavors are better than the others. Raspberry, Vanilla and Hazelnut top the list with chocolate and caramel bringing up the very bottom &lt;-- yuck :( It's a great value for as many bottles that you get, and I love that the bottles are plastic instead of glass like you'd get when ordering any single flavor. There is some aftertaste, but all in all these are very versatile and great if you're trying to limit your intake of sugar!"
"I have bought things from this company before and I guess I expected more from their vanilla beans. They have a weird smell, maybe a little burnt? I don't think they are supposed to smell like that. They are plump vanilla beans, but don't have the aroma I expected. Overall, I guess they are just ok. I wouldn't buy them again. And now I have a 1/2 lb. of vanilla beans that I don't really want to use."
"Only one of my two cats ate it. She, who also liked human food, seemed to enjoy it a lot. The other one that exclusively ate cat's food just wouldn't eat it at all. So, I wasn't really sure why it was although it was made to be cat's or dog's treat. Also, one issue was that before I opened the seal, I could already felt some liquid coming out of the package, which became a safety issue for me."
"This rice is absolutely outstanding both in flavor, aroma and texture. However, there is a ""trick"" to cooking this rice: 1. Bring two cups of water to boil. 2. Add one cup of rice and stir. 3. Cover the rice and put stove on medium/low for 40 minutes. 4. Turn off heat completely but keep rice on burner for 20 minutes. It comes out perfect every time, perfect texture, not mushy and deeeeelicous!!!"
"This tea is great. I cook it in gallon batches and sweeten it with agave nectar and keep it in the fridge. I guess it ""worked"" because my daughter was born after just 4 hours of labor and 20 minutes of pushing. I'm still drinking it since I had just ordered another 3-pack of boxes of it the day before our baby was born. My husband loves the tea too and he doesn't even have a uterus."
"I tried wellness and evo, but my puppy had loose stool. so I studied and gave orijin puppy food, my puppy's stool got worse and she refuse to eat Orijin puppy food. Now I have changed to other brand(dehydrated food-addiction), she likes it and seems working well so far. Maybe Orijin was too much protein to her. I liked orijin product, so I was bit disappointed. Maybe when she gets bigger, I may try adult Orijin."
"This is a super premium dog food, but if you are a first time user, beware, it can cause stomach upset and diareah. Add slowly to your dogs old food. Orijen has a high protein level and if your dog is used to lots of carbs, too much Orijen initially will be hard on the dogs stomach. Once you incorporate this food slowly into your dogs diet, it is a great food that will make your dog healthy and happy"
"On my second bag of this cereal I pulled a big black hair from my mouth while I was eating it and on a few spoonfuls later a long black hair with clumps of granola clinging to it was dangling from my spoon that I just lifted from the milk, thats when I decided this cereal was a little too organic. The flavor was not bad just cant get past the hair. And did I mention it was pricey very pricey."
"I am a bit disappointed with this tea. It has little of the aroma I expected, and the taste was somewhat bitter. I am a consistent hot tea drinker and love good tea. I will keep this one and try it iced in the summer. I will also experiment by mixing it with some of the other loose tea I have. EDIT: I've experimented several different ways with this tea. It is tasteless and bitter. I wish I could say differently."
"A bold, but not a super bold blend. This coffee has a bitter edge and a bit of an acidic aftertaste, so it is not one of my favorite k-cups. For bold (not hair-raising bold), I prefer <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001D0GVA4"">Timothy's World Coffee, San Lorenzo Dark, 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a> (a favorite) or <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VXFL1Q"">Wolfgang Puck Coffee, French Roast (Dark Roast), 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>, both of which have a smoother finish and better flavor."
"I don't drink coffee as I get a stomach ache from caffeine but when someone who visits wants a cup this is great to have on hand. Everyone whose had one of these preferred it to my regular instant. A couple of people took note of what it was so they could buy it for themselves. If the coffee drinker likes it black it's fine. For someone who likes cream, once I ran out of fancy creamer and it was less of a hit"
"You can try every tea ever made, every flavor ever concocted, and you'll still swear that this is your absolute favorite tea - once you try it. It has a soothing, refreshing comfort, regardless of the season. It really has the taste of that awesome tea you get in a Chinese restaurant - that you wish you could make at home. This one is hard to find, so we're especially thankful that we found it on Amazon!"
"After reading some of the reviews, I got nervous and opened a bag from my recent order expecting the worst! No worries here. All bags are in great shape and expiration dates aren't until June. Chips, at least from the first bag, taste like they are supposed to and all is good in the world! By the way, fifteen bags for under thirty dollars is a ton less expensive than the going price around here at the local grocery store so, yay team!"
Just started using this and the smell is a little odd at first but its not too bad. I got some on my lips by accident and my lips started feeling numb. Not sure what that was about. I like that its not a mask that you have to scrub off. This one just rinses right off. After I rinsed it off I instantly saw my skin look a little more brighter and glowy after the first use.
"So nice to get a cup of coffee on my Keurig B60 that isn't watered down like what I get with my K-cups, especially on the large setting. I love the fact that they cost less than K-cups and are more environmentally friendly. My coffee came in 3 sealed packs of 12. I brewed one cup and put the remaining 11 in a quart-sized ziploc bag. Only complaint--not enough flavors. I would like to see flavor variety packs, and other flavors like my favorite... pumpkin."
"In my mind, coffee should be strong, bold, and well balanced. Not so much a slap in the face, but more a strong limb to grasp (I guess I'm feeling poetic). If you feel the same way, you may be a little disappointed with Dark Magic. While it comes close, it has a slight acidic after taste which I'm not fond of. In other words, it doesn't meet my criteria for ""well balanced"". I hope that helps."
"I used it in a Moqueca which is a Brazilian Fish Stew, and it was very delicious. The problem I had was with the bottle top. The recipe called for 1/4 c of the oil. Unfortunately, I was unable to remove the plastic top which does not unscrew. It just has a flip top cap with a single hole in it and ended up just shaking it by drops into the measuring cup which was messy and a hassle."
"When I first drank this, I used one small package for an iceless mug. Unfortunately, without the ice it was too overpoweringly sweet. Taste-wise it didn't taste as much like brewed tea and instead tasted like the typical sweet tea that comes out of a soda tap machine. It tasted good w/ a mango taste if not tea like. I'd recommend it only to be used in small amount rather than the entire package per cup."
"This is a great product that delivers a unique taste of white truffle flavor for all types of meals from eggs, pasta, and is very unique on steak as well. I would recommend this product to all who are trying to get the truffle taste without the high cost. The oil is very strong so not much is needed to add the taste and aroma to the meal or dish. Glad to see Amazon carrying this it can't be found in my local store."
"Imagine an 80 pound mastiff/boxer mix, a 12-pound min-pin mix, and a 12-pound rat terrier fighting for the same dinosaur chew toy! Not a pretty picture. So,we ordered one for each. Okay, they still fight over them, but not as much, but whoever looses the battle can easily find another dinosaur to claim. The dinosaurs are fantastic for helping teeth stay pearly white and keep gums happy. And they last a long time. A definite must-have."
"I googled Sucralose and found plenty of research to indicate toxicity. I wish Oregon Chai would make a chai which has no sweetener; most people would prefer unsweetened chai these days, wouldn't they? This company's chais are too highly sweetened. This is unnecessary. I have tried them and find them undrinkable. NOTE to potential chai product makers. Make a highly spiced liquid chai which is unsweetened in any way, using only organic or at least natural ingredients. You would sell it."
I buy little powdered cider packets at the store by the hot chocolate and occasionally simmer my own hot cider. My Grove Square Caramel Apple Cider was the third K-Cup I tried (I just got my machine for Valentine's Day). I figured it should be used at a lower water setting so I went with 8. It smelled great while brewing but tasted AWFUL!!! I now have 23 K-Cups I need to find a home for.
"I purchased these for my weddings candy bar and expected to get 5 pounds of Whopper sized malted milk balls. What I got was much much bigger than a Whopper ball, they look like a gumball you would get out of a quarter candy machine. 5 pounds of this product wont get you very far at all. Now I am going to have to buy another 5 pound bag just so I have enough candy for my quests."
"There are exactly 28 in each package. Each is half a cookie and the Oreo goo in the middle covered with the same cookie fudge as every other fudge cookie ever created in the past couple decades. They're good, but a bit more sugary goo than I prefer - I think it may have been better to cover an entire cookie so there could be more ""crisp"" in the treat. At any rate, they taste exactly as one could imagine. I like them; they're okay."
"Spanish peanuts were my Father's favorite; therefore they became mine. I was able to get them in my old age for awhile, but they disappeared from the shelves of Northern Virginia groceries. I went with the flow for awhile, but eventually got smart and looked to Amazon.com. I was rewarded for my intelligence for I now have my Spanish Peanuts whenever I desire. I am also super happy that Planters uses Sea Salt. Thank you, Suzi"
"I did not buy this item from you. I just had to post how disgusted I was that you would sell this item at such an unbelievable high price! It is not right. You can purchase these for MUCH cheaper right now right through the factory that makes them. I see that you have good ratings, but I searched this item, and I felt obligated to post this so that people would not be taken advantage of."
I got my David's Signature Beyond Gourmet Jelly Beans Fruit Mix they are the most amazing jelly beans I have ever had in my life!! David has really out done himself this time I am in love with them I can't stop eating them. I gave a few to some friends and now they are huge fans as well! I will be ordering more of them real soon!! Welcome back to the jelly bean business David it was worth the wait!!
I bought this for my husband and was excited to find a flavored sample pack for him to try a variety before buying an entire box. When they arrived I was very disappointed to see that 18 out of 24 of them where not a flavored coffee but just plain regular coffee. Then the remaining 6 where the same to flavors. I'm very disappointed and will deff be sending them back and getting a refund. I just wish I would read the reviews before buying.
Yum Amazon Subscribe $22.91 on 02/12/2012. Pro Can be mixed in cold water with just shaking (Stirring also but it is much more work.) Nice Tins. Cons Use large amount of mix per serving (1/3 Cup Mix per 12oz Liquid.) Mild Chocolate Flavor with above mix ratio printed on can. Tins not air or bug tight. Tin opening a little small & is hard to scoop after half empty. Individual mix packs would be nice option for portability & less mess.
"I wish my dog liked it because it is a healthy organic product. She ate a couple the first day and then she would not touch them. She spits them out, even when we try to ""trick"" her and mix it with food she likes. We got the Peanut Butter/Molasses kind. We probably should have bought chicken or salmon...oh well. Unfortunately, I bought a pack of 3...I'll probably end up donating them. We have a 14 weeks Golden Retriever."
"I ordered this item for myself and it arrived very quickly. The flavor is good if not a little sweet. I liked it so much that I wanted to order for my sister in law. Placed the order and selected next day delivery to surprise her. Well, that did not happen. I would have at least expected a heads up from the supplier that next day delivery was not going to happen. I am very disappointed!!"
I love Larabars. These Jocalat are not my personal favorite but they are what you can get at a reasonable price through the subscription option. I just received a box dated November 2011 and checked them out since I had read that others found that batch to be stale. Mine are fine - or I am used to them stale as they taste the same as the last box. they are a bit drier than the regular Larabars.
The Rover Rescue ball is perfect for all sizes of dogs. I have 2 3 lb. yorkies and they love this toy. The little rover inside has a great squeeker. You put it inside the moon ball and the dogs go crazy to try and get the rover out of the ball. This toy will keep them entertained for hours. Also there is no material to rip get torn...the entire thing is a soft rubber and is completely washable.
"I am deeply saddened by the new ""blend"" which includes almonds. It tastes nothing like the original if you ask me- way to gritty and I can barely taste hazelnut. I am hoping that enough complaints will spark their interest to go Back to the original recipe- which was outstanding! Wish I stocked up on some original jars a while back... I shall try and make my own that comes close so I can get my fix in I suppose..."
"Greenies are great dental chews that keep my dog with minimal plaque. My 3 yr old loves it. The price of the 96 Teenie Pack (or more) from Amazon is unbeatable. Of note, my dog didn't like it very much when he tried it the first time when he was 2 months old. He grew to love it more and more. So don't give up and give it to someone else if your puppy is not crazy about them from the first day."
"First sip was not so good. After that every sip I got used to flavor. I took it religiously the first 3 months. Now I like it and add it to smoothies or just take a shot of it when I feel I did not eat enough fruits and/or vegetables for the day. I do not feel a difference in energy levels or anything, but it is suppose to be healthy. I will keep buying to have in cabinet and use ever so often."
"Was glad to find the product and although I had to buy a ton of them...no problem. The problem was that whoever did the packaging just threw them in a box and no paper or cushion or styrofoam bits. One came broken and oozed all over the box, and another two were dented but no cracks. Would not recommend this dealer for that reason but the product is still good. Well, the ones that survived the journey."
"I had really high hopes for this tea. When it arrived in the mail I immediately opened up a pack and made some tea. It's not really what I expected. I thought it would have a slightly lighter and more chocolaty flavor. Don't get me wrong, its still a good drink. I think there's a little too much nutmeg that kind of throws it off. I would definitely urge people to give it a try because it is pretty good and has a distinct flavor"
"I am really enjoying my dolce gusto caramel latte macchiatos. They are not quite as good as Starbucks but the convenience factor has replaced my routine coffee runs. It is not overly sweet and certainly doesn't need added sugar but I do, at times, add a little of the starbucks caramel sauce. The amount per serving was a tad disappointing at first, but I quickly got use to the amount and am now completely satisfied with a single serving."
"When my wife gave me this stuff, it tasted like fruit punch, only slightly watered down. She said she put more water than the Kool-Aid recipe called for, since Kool-Aid usually tastes too sugary for her. But it's an interesting Kool-Aid flavor, and I couldn't even tell it was Kool-Aid. It's actually pretty tropical. I think Kool-Aid did a good job. But this drink probably is better with more water in it than they recommend."
"this item killed my mothers cat ( she used the cat drops) this stuff is poison! So not use! Don't believe me? Ask ANY VET! she spend over a thousand dollars trying to save her cat after using this garbage. The vet stated this stuff should be illegal and its poison, they get people in all the time with bad reactions to whatever is in this stuff. Don't risk your pets life just to save some money."
"I am dissapointed!! When I bought this product I thought I was buying the real Acai Tea. But when I read ingredients it occured that Acai is the only one of the ingredients from a lot of others. So I blamed myself because I had to read those ingredients before I bought this Tea. I was fooled because the tea is named as ""Acai Tea"" so I thought it really was Acai. I reccomend everybody to read ingredients carefully before buying the product."
"I have always been a fan of CHEEZ-IT crackers. The white cheddar has always been my favorite, especially the low fat ones, but these new mozzarella cheese crackers are really tasty too. My husband likes to take these in his lunch, and he likes the kind with the jalepeno pepper flavor. This is a great product and a new flavor that most all people enjoy. Lets face it, if you like pizza, you like mozzarella chees. We both would highly recommend them."
"Believe me, I was so shocked when I put that first bite in my mouth -- my first thought was ""poison""...no lie! The second shocking thing was finding two reviews on line giving this a five star rating???? All I can say is that one reviewer has no other reviews ..at all, and the the other has only two reviews -- very suspicious, right?! Please, avoid this product -- the smell alone will cause you to dry heave:( LR"
Began drinking Celcius as part of my Thrive Diet plan and as a substitute for drinking colas. There are different flavors but Wildberry is the best. I like the fizz. It also seems to give me energy which is probably the caffine in the drink but it is the only caffine that I use. I found I cannot drink it late in the day or it might keep me awake at night but it is a very refreshing drink. P.S. It also makes you burp great!!!
"HARMONY HOUSE..a NC family owned company. I do not care for this product. It is not as tasty at other Harmony House fruits. I believe most H H products are bought by campers and backpackers...I just use them for the home. I also feed them to my parrots and RES turtles. My grandkids eat them for snacks. It is healthy. Was very fast shippping. BUT,I believe HH shipping is high. bbp okc ok 63 retired"
"If, like me, you find a lot of Earl Grey teas a bit weak in that most delicious and enticing bergamot aroma, this is definitely the one for you. It is not over powerful, just right. The tea itself is not strong so if you like very strong tea by all means add a bag of regular black tea to brew along with the Stash. Absolutely delicious..It will bring you to an exotic and distant land of pure enchantment."
"I wanted to try this Chef Michael's for a while so when it came I put Chef Michael's in one bowl and Beneful in the other. Well, pretty much all three would sniff the Beneful then walk over to Chef Michael's and start eating. The food itself didn't look too much different than regular dog food but the dogs (all three) seem to enjoy it. They have been pretty quiet as too how much....but they finished the whole bag. ha ha ha"
"These were nasty, they were so greasy and too rich for my blood, plus they lacked major flavor, no spicy jalapeno flavor at all. I was so dissapointed in these chips, I am always hearing great things about these chips but I am telling you, yuck yuck yuck. Give me pain chips any day. Maybe there is a better kettle chip brand out there but I am staying clear from these chips. I wish I could give these zero stars if I could."
"I typically don't like ANY instant tea drinks but this stuff is YUMMY and not nearly as sweet as some of the crystal light flavors. I'm not a fan of overly sweet drinks. This has a subtle fruit flavor that doesn't over whelm the green tea. But beware! These are NOT individual servings. Each packet makes a 2 Quart pitcher. Like it so much, I have it as a subscribe & save item! Just wish they had the individual packs on S&S."
"I was looking forward to these bars, since most of the reviews were great. Unfortunately, my experience was not a pleasant one. I bit into one bar and noticed something strange. I put on my glasses and saw hair, lots of hair in the bar. Gross! Bad quality control day? Whatever, I will not do business with KIND again. I got a full refund from Amazon. Thank you Amazon, I don't blame you. P.S. Look at my posted pictures."
"I had these cookies in Germany, but I had a hard time finding them in the US. I was amused to discover I could order them from Amazon. They seem to be most closely related to pecan sandies, but they're a little richer and a little moister. I wish it were possible to order a single box instead of 12, but I already knew I liked them, so ordering 12 wasn't really a problem. A bigger problem is trying not to eat them all immediately."
"This flavor is the best of the bunch by far. I am reluctantly on a diet that allows for a few almonds as a snack. I tried these and I was hooked. Unfortunately, most stores do not carry this flavor. My first case went very quickly, as every co-worker who tried them wanted a can of their own. I recommend them to anyone, not only those of us trying to stick to a diet that deprives us of less healthy snacks."
"I purchased this tea because it is recommended for helping women's PMS symptoms and menopause symptoms. I've only had one cup of it, so I can't say if it has helped my symptoms or not. I have purchased other teas of this brand. I would recommend their teas. I wasn't crazy about the taste of the red clover, but that is just my personal opinion. It's a little bitter but bearable. Add some sugar and you're good to go."
I love cereal in general and Lucky Charms is up there as one of my favorites. I like my cereals a little sweet and Lucky Charms is just that. It's not too sweet. I love the marshmallows. I think they are the best marshmallows in any cereal that has them. I also like the fact that this cereal doesn't get that soggy after being in the milk for a little while. The taste is great and I can't get tired of it like some other cereals.
"This is one of four or five varieties of Wellness canned food my dog has tried. At first she seemed to like it, and she ate it well. After a couple of packs(12 cans) she refused to eat it at all. This was not the only flavor she was given during this time, but she knew when it was part of her meal. I don't know what happened, but it is not on our menu any longer."
"Lets say I, a human has to write this review, and of course I myself did not eat the dog food, our King Charles Cavalier Spaniels did. Well at first they sniffed and looked at it for a few minutes, and then they ate it, but my dogs do that with some dog foods. so for dog food, it must be pretty good as they (the dogs) seem to eat it. It is a but pricey though."
"Do not buy Crunchies products in the Hot summer months. They are heat sensitive. As the packaging states ""IMPORTANT- STORE IN COOL DRY AREA"". The two cases I purchased arrived chewy and clumped together. They probably cooked during shipping and are not a ""Raw Food"" and not as ""Nutritious"" anymore. Two of the bags were more bits and powdered fruit clumps than chucks of fruit and one was opened. Amazon.com does not accept grocery returns. It was a waste of $40."
"These days it is not easy to find US made dog natural treat with relatively low price, and having treated my 3 year old Westie long time with Healthy Partner beef/turkey strips, I gave Zuke's a try; yet as soon as I opened the bag, I knew that my dog would not like it; it dosen't look good or smell good and I don't even like to taste it, how my dog would like it ?"
"People who but this pack are looking for a fun candy for family or friends to share. They are pretty good but I will have to admit JB struggled with these flavors. Making cocktail flavors in a bean is not really possible. They were fun and if you want these, you wont be disappointed. Pay the price though. JB is always way overpriced for a the few tiny sugar bullets you get in the massive packaging."
"I was told in a previous review that these beans were not good. They were right! Some were awful, and my kids enjoyed every miniute! During a Harry Potter themed birthday, we had an ""every flavoured bean tasting"" The dirt and grass were pretty realistic, but the vomit was a bit coconutty in taste. (Hmmm. Makes me wonder.) Anyway, they were not all meant to be delecious, yet some were (think, Tutti-Fruity) I would def give them a go again should we have the urge."
These jerky packs are great. They actually do fill you up or at least stop the grum bellies. I stay away from all the products that are just different ways of eating sugar and corn syrup. I have a boy with ADD and I don't have him on drugs so it is very nice to have a great tasting and filling snack that isn't just sugar with flavoring. Since sugar and corn syrup are major contributors to that condition. Keep up the good work Jack Link.
"This is a very nice coffee at a great price. I find this coffee to be well balanced with good flavor. It isn't acidic at all, and I agree with the labeling as ""medium."" It is a nice breakfast coffee, not too bold and definitely not weak. As a bonus, it is organic, fair trade, and roasted in North America (Canada). I will be buying this again with the subscribe and save and free 2 day shipping with amazon prime."
"Got a popcorn cart for Christmas and I have been trying to tweak my popcorn proportions. NO need with these packs! They make delicious batches of popcorn that taste just like the theater! Delicious and perfect! (I do find them to be salty, so I cut a slit in the center seasoning section and pour out some of the seasoning before dumping all the kernels, seasoning and oil into the kettle. It comes out just right for us.)"
"Had this been labeled ""green tea with a touch of pomegranate and raspberry essence"" I might have rated this higher. However, the name is pomegranate raspberry and I therefore expected those vary flavors. The overall taste is mild and muddled. I except a greater sweetness. The tea's second ingredient, chamomile, has a distinctive presence. While I didn't find the flavor to be unpleasant, there is nothing about it that would make me reach for it over one of my other teas."
"What is it about these puffs that babies love so much? Both my kids could not get enough. Currently, my 9 month old just loves them. I like that they are organic and have less sugar than other brands, so thats why ive been a loyal Happy Baby buyer, even though i know several other brands are avilable. I get the greens flavor. I know there isnt much ""green"" in there, but every little bit counts, right?"
"i would give it a two and a half stars if it would allow but it doesn't deserve 3 stars so 2 stars it is. the color and texture is wrong/. it doesn't look like the picture, t looks under cooked. the taste is average has a nice garlic taste but not as nice as the one i get in France, but i do appreciate t because it gives me a little flavor of home i can't get here regularly"
"I was hoping these would have a lot more spice. To be honest, they taste more sweet/garlic'y than spicy in my opinion, though I do tend to prefer extra hot things. I wouldn't get them again, but I could see where others might like them. Also, but warned that they're not kidding when they say ""super extra large Virginia peanuts"". These guys are huge. I happen to like the larger, crunchier peanuts like these, but these are not for the Planter's fan."
I use this along with black winter truffles and dried morel mushrooms and make 3 lbs of truffle and morel mushroom butter for my thanks giving turkey I slice 1 lbs and put under the skin of the bird and 1.5 lbs in the cavity of the bird.I made it last year and OMG that was the best bird yet.I now have a huge house full and people I dont know show up for my turkey. Eaven my wife eats it LOL.
"I utilized Amazon's ""Subscribe and Save"" option. The first time I made the rice, it didn't taste the same as the store bought rice. Since I have a fairly large family, I assumed that doubling the recipe contributed to the negative outcome. Unfortunately, I tried the rice again and wasn't pleased. A few weeks later, my son discovered that the rice expired within 1-2 months of our purchase. Since we've never had problems with ""Rice A Roni"" before, I'm contributing the problem to the expiration date."
"I was so excited to try a new BOLD coffee.....needless to say, I am disappointed. I would rate this coffee as a MEDIUM. If it would have been listed as a MEDIUM, I would have given it a higher rating because this is truly a MEDIUM strength coffee in taste and flavor. I will still drink it from time to time- flavor is smooth, not bitter. Overall, I wish that I would have ordered some more Jet Fuel or Black Tiger."
"I'm diabetic and have tried many sugar substitutes and I like stevia the best, plus it puts some fiber in your diet. Before trying Stevia I had mostly used sucralose (Splenda) and drinks and foods sweetened with sucralose but found them to be overly sweet for my taste. I like the level of sweetness in drinks sweetened with Stevia much better (mainly Celestial Seasonings products)and in tea or coffee I sweeten myself with the concentrate. Highly recommend this."
"I bought these for my cat and if I give them to him, he'll eat them, but it's not the type of treat he'll do tricks for or run over to eat. It's a healthier alternative to other treats, but I wouldn't buy them again because my main point of buying treats is to train my cat to do tricks or reward him for good behavior. These treats simply don't entice him enough to really be a treat."
"After trying Yogi tea, I'll never go back to Celestial Seasonings or Lipton. The quality is 10000% better than non-organic teas. If you are debating on trying this, just buy it. Rating this a 5/5 in taste and quality. As for weight loss and appetite, this tea did nothing for me. I hate when companies claim weight loss for products that don't work or are just regular green tea. Rating this a 1/5 for living up the tea's weight loss claims."
"I found these in Salt & Pepper flavor in huge 20 oz. bags for $2.80 at BigLots recently. They are very tasty and they have no artificial aftertaste whatsoever. We were in the middle of one bag when we pulled out chips that seemed wet. Turns out it was just the oil on the chips. They are mighty flavorful and crunchy, but, yes, they can be greasy. Definitely a guilty pleasure to be eaten in moderation!"
"I love Eclipse gum--it keeps my mouth fresh, and tastes great. However, packaging is everything. I find that the flat packs with foil wrap give a gum that has way more flavor and lasts longer than the plastic containers such as this. There is a very noticeable difference in taste between the two; however, this ""economy pack"" still tastes good, and usually saves you money. By the way, whatever happened to the cherry flavored version of Eclipse?"
"My son, who is a medic in the United States Army, really enjoys his No Fear Energy Drinks. He has been a fan since his freshman year of college. As none of the store in our area sell this product, we have had to order it for him. He spent a year in Afghanistan and I had to send what I ordered or was lucky enough to find stocked in stores over 40 miles from where we live!"
"The ginger in this is very strong. It smelled very intense in a bad way, and the ginger left a burning sensation in my throat. It the unpleasant burning was like drinking a very strong alcohol shot that burns and lingers there. This burning coupled with the bad smell and taste kept me from drinking it more than 2 very small test sips. Stay away from this product unless you are comfortable gnawing on a piece of ginger."
"I've been buying these for years and my dog loves them. They make a great reward treat and they're easy to carry ... well, they used to be. I got a bag of crumbs this time. What happened to the nice little cubes? It's not the end of the world, but it makes them more difficult to stuff in your pocket as you go out the door -- unless you don't mind a pocket full of crumbs."
"I love hot chocolate, but I am rather picky. I don't like sugar water flavored with chocolate and drinking this reminds me of just that. I had one cup and never drank the rest of the container. I honestly felt lied to because the word ""gourmet"" is on the package. This hot chocolate mix is not gourmet by any stretch of the imagination. Even a basic Swiss Miss packet would be a better choice and that's saying a lot."
"I truly love this product and always carry it with me when I travel. My only complaint is the packaging used on the product which is sold at Costco, which contains 24 packets. Short of a hacksaw, there's no easy way to get it open. The product inside makes it worthwhile, but come on, guys. You advertise it as being a 'green' product, but this package had to have used up at least one tree and some mighty tough plastic."
"EZ-Sweetz is a life saver. I use it in EVERYTHING -- never touch Splenda anymore. Perfect for fasting days to sweeten my black coffee without any calories from the fillers in Splenda. Perfect for a keto diet (a pint of heavy cream, a tsp of bourbon vanilla, and 16 drops of EZ-Sweetz in a WhipIt, and amaze your friends by squirting endless sugar free whipped cream in your mouth and screaming I'M DIETING! It's delightfully annoying)."
"I love chewy goodies. There's something more satisfying about a treat that lingers in your mouth for a few minutes while you chew it. Reed's Ginger Candy Chews are great because they have the zing of real ginger and the wonderful chewy consistency that reminds me of a good caramel. At 25 calories per piece, they are a great low-calorie dessert that helps to settle the tummy and clean the palate. I love these candies!"
I am not sure if they have changed their product since the other reviews were written (Back in 2009) or if I enjoy different things. At any rate I enjoy these pears I have ordered them at least half a dozen times and have always been pleased with my purchase. Wanted to let others know that it is worth your time to give them a try and for the price of fresh fruit this is a real bargain.
"So, I get home from work, and either have a choice of eating, waiting two hours, and going swimming or running... ...or eating one of these, having a half glass of water, putting my shoes on, and just go exercise. The vanilla flavor is great; it's a slightly salty vanilla cake frosting. Five stars on taste and utility. Four stars because I'm paying more than a dollar for a tablespoon of cake frosting."
"I was looking for a mix like McCormicks Medley blend which has the 4 types of peppercorns, coriander and allspice. This was the closest I could find, minus the allspice. This blend has great flavor. The only problem is the coriander is so large that it's hard to get into the grinder and the grinder gets plugged up, having to reverse grind. I do have a very nice William Bounds grinder, so it's not the grinders fault."
"My wife drinks mainly decaf. I got this coffee for her with no previous experience with the Community Coffee brand. The price was really good with an available Amazon Coupon & subscribe and save, so I bit. This coffee is pretty amazing for it's current price and the fact that it is decaf. I like some pretty exotic coffees sometimes for their aroma and flavor. Decaf coffees usually smell horrible and a lot don't taste much better. This is good decaf coffee."
"I LOVE flavored coffee. I now drink it black with NO sugar. When I used to add sugar & half & half, this was fine, but since I've switched to black coffee, the ones I previously lOVED I've discovered, are not that great without the ""fixings""! IF you like it black, I would pass on this one. I wish Barnie's coffee would sell a K cup! I just LOVE their Southern Pecan! yummmmmmmmmmmm This si not bad, just not ""wonderful""!"
"If you are looking for a BOLD k-cup, try the Coffee People ""black tiger"" or their ""french roast"" bold... they are about the closest thing to a cup of Starbucks that you can get in a k-cup. This is fine if you like Green Mountain, McDonalds, or Dunkin' Doughnuts coffee. It has a classic GM slight nutty/sweet taste that I am not overly fond of but it is okay for an evening cup or when you are in the mood for something lighter."
"These chips were formerly offered at Gelson's Market but are now only available online...at half the cost of retail stores :) :) :). If you want to cut-back on unnecessary calories but still like to munch on tortilla chips then Guiltless Gourmet is for you ! They are baked and not fried in oil which more than doubles the calories. I prefer the Mucho Nacho flavor but they also have Chili-Lime, Yellow Corn, Blue Corn, and other flavors."
"Of all the K-Cup flavors that are out there, and there are many very good ones, this is one of my least favorites, and I have tried almost all of them. Not much flavor to this one, even if you add various types of creamers. Of course, it is all a matter of taste, but this one doesn't taste all that good. It is not bad - it is just kind of there - like a generic coffee. Try something else instead."
"So my husband and I have been receiving Zico water with mango for several months, with subscribe and save. This month both cases taste HORRIBLE. Expiration date is in just a few months. In the past they were over a year away. Also the cases were different in color. Tasted no hint of mango, but cannot drink this batch. What is up with that? We love this stuff and have come to depend on it for after exercise."
"This Tree Hugger coffee is supposed to be extra bold, but it's not! It is weak tasting compared to the other extra bold K-cups that I drink. I have to make it with very little water, and it still doesn't turn out strong enough for my taste! I would never buy it again. I drink it in the afternoon, to use up what I still have in the box. I usually just drink coffee in the morning."
"I will never order this item from Amazon again! The carton was delivered with no protective box or wrap around it. The carton was mutilated and at least half of each bag of pretzels was smashed to crumbs. Worst of all, this item can NOT be returned. From now on, I'll buy my pretzels from Target. They cost about 3 cents a bag more, you can buy fewer than 12 bags at a time and the pretzels come whole."
"I have been trying to find a good brand of jerky that I don't have to order online. I finally tried Jack Link's original. Way too sweet, doesn't taste like meat, and most of the pieces don't have the texture of meat. At times, I thought I was eating plastic. Or some soy meat-substitute. I couldn't even make it through the whole bag. I miss the original Pemmican..., before ConAgra sold the brand and it got ruined..."
"If you are looking for a BOLD k-cup, try the Coffee People ""black tiger"" or their ""french roast"" bold... they are about the closest thing to a cup of Starbucks that you can get in a k-cup. This is fine if you like Green Mountain, McDonalds, or Dunkin' Doughnuts coffee. It has a classic GM slight nutty/sweet taste that I am not overly fond of but it is okay for an evening cup or when you are in the mood for something lighter."
"I had my doubts about growing grass in a package, but this stuff grew like mad. The cats both ate it cut up in their food. It doesn't say how much to give them, so it's a guess, unless you ask your vet, but they aren't suppose to eat too much - whatever that would be. It's been a couple of weeks and the grass is not as healthy green looking so I guess it won't last, but I would say it was worth it."
"Multiple discrepancies between the product package and the company website make it impossible for me to know what the correct crude protein level and sodium content of this product are. Customer service was less than willing and able to help. I made all my attempts to find this info before offering it to my cat, who is supremely uninterested in this stuff. See my comment to Jim's review for details of my poor cust svc experience."
"I bought this haggis for my father for an X-mas gift (he's a Scotsman). When it arrived two of the three cans were dented, so I ended up giving my father only 1 of the cans. At the price I paid, that makes for an awfully expensive price for just one can. He hasn't opened it yet (saving it for Robert Burns' birthday) so I can't even speak to the flavor, etc. Just wanted to share my disappointment with the dented cans."
"I purchased the Wood Smoked flavor. The reviewers who said that these are too salty were right. They tastes like sticks of salts. If you nibble on them very slowly, then they tastes ok as the salts disolve slowly. If you take a big bite, then it would be like biting into a chunk of salt. I love the texture and the stringiness of this beef jerky but I would not buy it again because of the high sodium content."
"After trying the teriyaki flavor of these beef steaks, I decided I would try another flavor so I ordered these peppered ones. The flavor is really like throwing a salt and pepper shaker into your mouth. You never really get a chance to taste the meat since your tongue is overwhelmed by this cloyingly salty, stale pepper flavor. The worst part? There is 1470mg of Sodium in a single package, which is a whopping 61% of your daily value of sodium for the ENTIRE day."
"I ordered two bags of Yummy Chummies and they arrived promptly. However they should have been shipped with a hammer enclosed to break them. We have purchased these before from Costco and they were moist, the ones we purchased online were hard as rocks. I believe they may have been a very old product and I was very unsatisfied with them even though the dogs ate them. I have no idea how you can verify a fresh product when ordered online."
"I have baked many gluten free cakes from scratch. This one ended up in the trash. The 'frosting' was so thin some of it soaked into the cake, the rest spilled onto the counter. None of it actually frosted the cake. The cake itself had this weird vaguely fishy taste. I checked my oil to make sure it wasn't rancid and the eggs were fresh. Maybe the mix was rancid, I don't know. It was in airtight plastic."
"I read all the reviews on every hot chocolate k-cup on the market and decided to try this one first. Its not good. Even on the smallest cup setting it tastes watered down and there is a distinct ""plasticy"" taste. I think that this an inherent problem with all the k-cup hot chocolates. You just can't fit enough chocolate in the cup so that it doesn't taste watered down. I'm going to stick with making hot chocolate the old way."
I bought a whole bunch of these candy a while back and now just leaving a REVIEW. The candy must be old because it is super hard and tough to even CHEW. I just hope the candy they are selling is not old. I didn't realize the candy was hard until a few weeks later when I actually try eating it. They are still justing sitting in the box and I will throw them out. GROSS!
"As a Starbucks gold card carrying coffee drinker, I was excited to finally see the arrival of Starbucks K-cups, but YUCK! These K-cups are VERY bitter. I am not sure I want to finish off the box I purchased. I still think their freshly ground coffee is excellent, but they missed the mark here. Maybe the grind is not right for the K-cup system yet? I am going back to my Nantucket Blend and Coffee House."
My wife and I have triplets (two girls and a boy) and had to supplement with formula when they began eating more. They were on Similac Neosure which was very hard on our girls' stomachs (our boy handled it fine) and suffered from bad reflux. Switching to the Sensitive for Spit-up really reduced their reflux issues. They still have some spit up but its not near as severe or as frequent. It did however cause some constipation.
"I like the taste and the satiation factor of the product. The protein, calorie and fat ratios are near ideal. And, did I mention convenience; convenient? I've ordered these on the timely delivery program. Also, I like the lack of greasiness feel to them. I keep them stored in my freezer to ward off any mold problem that I've seen claimed (I do appreciate those comments for giving me a ""heads up""). These are a great product that I recommend."
"I bought this product because of Jacques Pepin's recipes for sausage in his book, ""Essential Pepin"". Never ever again will I buy store-made sausage! I have used this to cure pork sausage, and chicken sausage, as per the recipes in Pepin's books. It is easy to work with, and it takes 2t per pound of meat, so the multi-pack is a great investment if homemade sausage is going to be in the regular rotation of dinners, like at our house."
"I had high hopes for this product because I like Splenda & I normally drink diet soda anyway. So I feel like I'm used to the ""after-taste"" that non-diet soda drinkers complain of. Unfortunately it was awful! The first sip was o.k. but by the 3rd, I couldn't take the ""funky"" after-taste anymore & had to throw it out. I may still try another flavor & hope for a different result but I definitely DO NOT recommend the Pina Colada mix!"
"If this was pure, 100% Acai it would have to be refrigerated or frozen. If it is not it means the vial fats which contain most of the good nutrients of Acai, like the Omegas have been taken out. Because of the healthy fat PURE Acai goes rancid rapidly if not refrigerated. The only true Acai I have found is a brand called Sambazon. They are also the leading provider of Acai in the nation and you don't pay these ridiculous prices either."
"My nephews were all kinds of excited when they opened up their stockings on Christmas day to find Zombie Jerky. They thought it was the funniest thing in the world. But when it came to eating them they were far less enthusiastic. The jerky had a strange consistancy to it, but it tasted good to me. So they ended up giving me the jerky and keeping the package. Go figure. I'd recommend this to folks out to give an amusing novelty gift."
"<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000IMLJ46"">Amish Country Red Popcorn - 6lb.</a><a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00017LEXO"">Amish Country Red Popcorn - 2lb.</a> We buy the 6 lb. bag because it is SOooooooo incredibly good that we go through it very quickly. I use a small amount of oil and a little bit of sea salt and it is excellent. Very few hulls on this popcorn so you don't mess up your teeth! Try it...if you are a popcorn lover, you won't go back. Not to mention the better health benefits!"
"I was hoping for, and expecting, this to be like Kix...however, it's closer to Cap n' Crunch. It's got that sweet coating vs. dry feel to it. It's definitely not something I'd serve as a breakfast cereal(too sweet and not high fiber or protein), but it makes a convenient snack or special treat option. It holds it's shape well in a baggie so when we're out and about, I don't end up with a bag of crumbs in my purse come snack time for my preschooler."
"These are very tasty little snacks for those who don't need to watch their sodium intake. They taste like the crispy bits of melted cheese around the edges of a grilled cheese sandwich. The little serving size bags are much smaller than I expected--about the size of a pocket size pack of tissues--but this is good, as they fit right in my purse and the better half's briefcase or laptop bag. We'll definitely try the other flavors."
"The first disappointment came when I opened the box and discovered the size of the ""bars"" which were barely bigger than a Tootsie Roll Snack Size. The oatmeal raisin that I tried was much too sweet and consisted mostly of rice. I saw little evidence of oats and only one single raisin in the whole bar. For a few calories more, I'd go with the Fiber Plus bars which tastes significantly better and whose fiber count fills you up."
"My boyfriend and I first had this tea in a cafe/restaurant on vacation in northern Georgia, and we loved it so much we bought it loose from the restaurant. Finally I found it to order online! The smell of the coconut is really amazing. Tastes absolutely delicious with a touch of honey (though my boyfriend prefers it plain). Just make sure not to steep it too long (no more than 5 minutes) or it can get bitter. Probably my favorite tea."
I have subsribed to the monthly shipment of Greenies 27 oz canister teenie 96 count product and each month the price increases. If i sign up today the price drops to $19.94. Why the increase? Seems like they lock you in for a scheduled order and then take advantage of you hoping that you won't notice the price increases. The product is great and my dogs love them but the business practice of the price hikes is terrible.
"If you're hoping this will be like some sort of enhanced raisin bran (of course you are) ...it's not. The flakes are different, it doesn't taste the same at all, and there's nothing really special about it. I guess there's nothing wrong with it, but I have no desire to eat it again. If they would have just taken normal raisin bran and put crunchy clusters in it, it would be great, but they changed everything."
"I've been gluten-free for a little over a year and I've struggled with finding tasty and affordable alternatives to my favorite foods. The great thing about this mix is that it's really easy to make, affordable, and the pancakes are so tasty, my children do not object to eating them--saving me the time of making two batches of pancakes. If they didn't see me eating them, I don't even think my kids would notice that they are eating gluten-free pancakes."
I just received these and had to try one. The first cup had an odd caramel taste to it. I kept drinking and finally got used to it. The second cup was better. My husband thought they were too sweet. I will finish the box but will try the plain cider next time. The caramel made covered up the apple taste and made them sweet. Not bad though for only 10 calories. I didn't need any dessert last night!
"So I love the strawberry Honey Bunches of Oats. I'm not a big cereal eater but I love that one. I discovered the peach one last year and love that one too. So I thought I'd try this one because hey, I love pecans. Nope. This one has a cinnamon flavor to it and I don't like cinnamon. Most people seem to so you may, but just know that this one has a different flavor to the cereal."
"The name of Switch Watermelon Strawberry should probably be reduced to just watermelon since I didn't detect much of a strawberry flavor. The taste that was apparent was so-so at best, but what I dislike about this drink is that it feels like I'm pouring acid into my mouth. It's too acidic by far for my taste, and the sugar could be reduced. This may be ""natural,"" but it isn't much of an improvement over good ol' Coca Cola. Brian W. Fairbanks"
"our 3 retrievers are 9,8 and 3 years young and we're working hard to keep them healthy and not go bankrupt. We were using another joint supplement that works great but costing $$$$. We decided to use this food in the am and pinnacle's chicken and oatmeal for the pm meal. High quality food that won't kill my budget. The dogs love the taste, their coats are shiny, joints are moving well and yard clean up is minimal."
Honestly I was attracted by the great price and free shipping on an 16+ liter kit. If you have ever done a kit before this was no different then all of the rest. Ingredients are clearly marked and the directions are adequate. My kit has been in the bottle now for 6 months and the wine is light bodied and very approachable. Planning on starting another one of these kits in the next month.
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"This is my new favorite ""k-cup"" (it's not a k-cup but it fits in all Keurig machines)! It's very strong, but not bitter or burnt--it's just plain great coffee. I wish I had invented this cheaper version of a k-cup, because this design is genius. Out of 15 of my cups of this coffee so far, only one had a coffee ground in it--just one little piece. This is best with just cream, it's just plain luxurious! Thanks SF Bay Coffee!"
"My brother is a chiiehead and he warned me about Blair's being 'hot'. Blair's make a whole range of hot sauces, some of which are indeed outrageously high in Scoville units. This one however is quite good and about 6 times hotter than a Jalapeno. This is noticeably hotter than Tabasco but the flavor is similar to Tabasco. So, if you like that venerable standby but want something more, give this a try. Shipping is a significant cost if you are buying a small quantity."
I love the 4C totally light 2 go drink mixes these give you vitamines and the B12 gives me a pick up later in the day when I need just a little more energy. I also like the energy rush drink mix by the same company. Better than drinking coffee all day and it does not keep me awake at night. Wife likes it too and it is sugar free. $9.00 is a little high of a price so may look for something less expensive.
"I use this instead of noodles for stir-fry. It is an excellent substitute--cook for about a minute and it is better than any rice or wheat noodles. I also eat it raw in salads. But why is this so expensive? I bought this at the store for around $3. You can also buy this directly from the manufacturer for around $2.95 per package. $10.99 is an absurd price. Check out your local Asian market, food coop, or check on-line for the manufacturer."
"This is not the typical marzipan you find in stores during the holidays. It's not quite as good as baking marzipan but then again, that's not what it's for. It's pretty close to the kind of quality you would get in Europe, and that's saying allot. It's moist and that's what makes it so good. Once open, put it into a ziplock so it doesn't dry up. Keep it in stock and I will keep buying it."
"The honey is great, however, the packaging was a sticky mess. As far as I can tell, the hot weather caused the honey to expand and it leaked thru the packaging. It was the inside packaging, not the bubble wrap and box the product was shipped in. The honey company did not stand my their packaging when contacted. They stated it was Amazon's problem. Not so. Never was resolved. Therefore, I'm only giving it 3 stars."
"I loved this product and would buy it again IF I had not discovered that it actually has more fructose than HFCS (high fructose corn syrup), and so is not a good choice for diabetics at all even though it has been touted as such. Splurge for good quality organic maple syrup or raw honey and enjoy the additional micronutrient health benefits instead. Don't be fooled like I was--unless you don't care about the fructose (which causes inflamation, etc. etc. etc)"
"These are great chips! I also like the red chips. UNFORTUNATELY, Amazon ships these out in the vendor boxes which are very flimsy. All of the chips end up broken. It's so funny -- everything else Amazon sends out is in rugged Amazon boxes -- sometimes the item inside is in the vendor box so you get double protection. The items that should be double boxed (chips) don't get any protection at all and they are the most fragile."
"When I purchased this salt I was a little wary of its color but it was the only popcorn salt that was available at the time. I was highly disappointed in the flavor of it. I thought maybe the color was just there for color and it would still taste like salt, but it has a fake, off flavor. It reminds me of the taste of the artificial salt that my grandmother had. On the upside the texture of it was nice."
"I have been a user of Starbucks sugar-free syrups for about 5 years. Their price has gone up from about $7 a bottle to over $10 a bottle. I started looking for a replacement. I ordered the Torani syrups as a lower-cost alternative. The order arrived on time. The price was good. Problem is, I found I don't like the taste of the Torani syrups. I should have tried the syrup as a local coffee house before I ordered. My bad."
"I was told about this company by my weight loss HCG doctor. Never heard of it before. By now I've tried quite a few of their products, and this one was just OK to me. It works great, however, when poured on salad, but on chicken, fish and on its own, it doesn't taste too good. Resemblance with bacon is far fetched. But I guess being on the diet of 500 calories a day everything would go just to add some taste to the food."
"I got the peppered flavor and it tastes awful. It's spicy as heck but the pepper taste is so overwhelming that it totally ruins it. I got through about half a bag and not more then 2 pieces at a time. Totally disgusting. I like beef jerky and Jack Link's especially, just not this flavor. Anyone who is a health nut may not like this because it's loaded with MSG, though I think most beef jerky is."
"Saying a coffee is good or not is matter of taste. Still I'm _very_ surprised that this coffee gets so many 5 stars reviews. If you use the same amount of coffee than you would use as usual, it tastes nothing, it tastes water. It's when you double the dose that it tastes something.... And this taste if not good at all (for me). Now I have 3 packs of coffee that I will never use."
"Do not buy Crunchies products in the Hot summer months. They are heat sensitive. As the packaging states ""IMPORTANT- STORE IN COOL DRY AREA"". The two cases I purchased arrived chewy and clumped together. They probably cooked during shipping and are not a ""Raw Food"" and not as ""Nutritious"" anymore. Two of the bags were more bits and powdered fruit clumps than chucks of fruit and one was opened. Amazon.com does not accept grocery returns. It was a waste of $40."
"I've been using this product for about a month and do see some improvement in the dark circles and puffiness under my eyes. I have chronically 'clogged' sinuses, so I was happy to find something that seems to alleviate the resulting darkess/swelling I get from this. Hopefully as I continue to use this product, I'll see even more improvement. It is also very gentle--some products have caused redness and irritaion around my eyes. And I like the scent--reminds me of cocoa butter."
"I bought this product to see what it is like. There is another product I've primarily been using which I got at the same time as this product. I prefer the other product because it mixes easily and tastes pretty good. This product tastes okay, and mixed okay but doesn't have as high an amount of protein as the other product. (Potheads might like this just for the fact that it is made from hemp.(no offense intended))"
"Boom!! Big ol' sack of DME for making yeast starters with. Makes about 20 starters the way I measure it out (1/2 cup w/ 2 cups water). About the same price as ordering from the online homebrew stores if you include shipping. If you just need this one thing fast, its cheaper to do it here. But, if you bulk this in with ingredients for other batches, just order it there with Annapolis or Austin Homebrew, etc. Not prime eligible :("
I thought I would try this stuff for my finicky dog who needs moist food along with his kibble. He was not a big fan of it and it was the most expensive moist food at Petsmart. The other problem is this stuff hardens up like concrete in his bowl. If he wouldn't eat the food in about two hours the stuff turned as hard as a sidewalk and I had to literally scrape it out of his bowl.
"My daughter loves these yogurt melts. Banana and Mango are two of her favorite flavors. The melts themselves are a smaller size than the Gerber melts, which is nice for younger babies. I was always breaking the Gerber melts into 3 or 4 pieces, which got a little messy. I don't have to do that with these melts. These are tasty AND organic. We've had a lot of success with all of the Happy Baby products we've tried. Highly recommend."
"Everyone in family, both young and old, loves this crunchy granola bar. Bars are not too sweet but satisfy hunger for a sweet snack. Great that they are nutritious and don't melt like chocolate. They are handy to tuck in a lunch box, purse, or backpack if needed. We always try to keep some on hand. Those who need to be gluten-free do not feel cheated out of a dessert. Amazon frequently offers good sales on this item."
"When I think of Lindt chocolate, I think of silky-smooth richness. No matter how true the chili-chocolate combination is to chocolate's New World origins, it doesn't quite match my impression of Lindt's reserved elegance. Well, I'm wrong a lot. Lindt pulls it off beautifully. The chocolate flavor is all you might hope for, but with a high, thin note of tingle in the aftertaste. It hints at chili's fire, but only just warms the mouth. Delightful! -- wiredweird"
"Really good tasting popcorn, best I have tasted yet. A bit salty in my opinion. Just a hint, when making popcorn in theatre style poppers, always pre heat the kettle, it avoids soggy corn which sticks together. Fact is, the only thing that makes theatre corn better, is what's used in the preperation, meaning your oil and seasoned salt. You can make just as good as popcorn on a cheap popcorn maker with the proper ingredients."
"The CHARLES BAR is absolutely the most delicious, creamy, gourmet Belgian Chocolate I have ever tasted! It is a Truffle consistency and melts in your mouth. I don't know which I like more the dark or milk!! You won't believe it is sugar and gluten free as there is no aftertaste or anything artificial about the chocolate. Like Charles says on his commercial..""It doesn't get any better than this"" and it's true!! Grab one and see for yourself."
"Take a reasonably-sized potted plant. Take two liters or so of spring water. Pour said water into potted plant. After waiting a short while, drain off the liquid that emerges from the bottom of the pot. Pour this liquid into a clear plastic bottle, and then write blk. on it. Place bottle onto shelf, and post a price tag of $2.50 for just over half a quart of it. ""Spring water infused with Fulvic Acid."" LOL ""A sucker born every minute."" Yup, he was right."
"A while back, I ordered this product, and when it arrived I found that the coffee was a ""Light"" blend. The coffee was good, however, I prefer a medium blend coffee. This time when I ordered, I checked the listings closely, and noted that this coffee was listed as ""Medium"". To make a long story shorter, the coffee arived, and it is a ""Light"" blend again. Fool me once, shame on me. Fool me twice and shame on you. I will not reorder it again."
"I read this wrong, I guess. I thought I was going to get a box of 12 breadsticks so I put ""2"" in for quantity. Well, turns out I was really ordering 2 CASES of 12 boxes EACH. Funny. That explains why it cost me more than $50. I guess I just thought they were that special. They're good. And they are approved on my ""diet"" so I love them. Just, if you are going to order 2...make sure you want 2 cases. lol"
"I've been a long time imbiber of 5-hour products but thought that this time I would try one of the competitors. As noted by the other reviewers, the cost is much less (about 33% less) than 5-hour which is big plus. The drawback for me was the taste of the Fruit Punch which was watery and thin. Maybe the other flavors are more appealing but I'm not sure I'll try them. Sometimes the extra cost is worth it."
"They are hard and crunchy, very salty, and with a hint of a burnt taste. They are gritty after chewing and need to be washed down with some water. I was hoping for something more like cheetos, but that's probably not possible with pure cheese. I prefer my own chips made by microwaving slices of cheddar. A positive is that these are a low carb snack that doesn't need refrigeration and you can eat on the run."
"This coffee is surprisingly good. It's a little pricey in comparison to regular drip coffee, but I am willing to pay that price for not having to clean the coffee pot, grind beans, wait for it to brew, etc when I am in a hurry to get to work in the mornings. One packet makes a large cup of coffee. I use about 14 oz of water and that still has plenty of flavor. In fact, I am drinking a cup of it right now. ;-)"
"This pasta tastes similar to regular pasta but has nice fiber count, plus calcium and vitamin d. No one in my family ever says a word when I swap this in, and they are fussbudgets. The added fiber means that it satisfies for longer with less impact on blood sugars than traditional pastas. May need a little longer cook time than whatever you are used to. Looking for a Ronzoni angel hair, but have not yet found."
"I've had a few different flavors- this is by far my least favorite. I gave it 2 stars because I can *see* how some people would like it. It just wasn't for me. I thought the flavor was off, it tasted nothing like orange soda. It was also a bit too sweet for me. But please try other flavors! The other ones I've had (black cherry, cream soda, root beer) are really good."
"The description is misleading. Mushrooms are from China, not from Italy. That is why they are much cheaper that all others available. I wouldn't order them if I knew they are from China. Mushrooms has 10 times or more pollutants than in their environment. And China is well known for its pollution and loose purity control. Regarding quality, some pieces are damaged by worms and some are from specimens that are two old and overgrown. The taste, though, is good and proper."
"Bought the Original flavor from the store and just tried them tonight. They were very greasy and salty. I did not like them a lot. I will not purchase this original flavor again. However I can't complain because I got the 3 ounce bag for only $1.00 at the store while they were on sale. I tried the BBq flavor and they are delicious. I bought the sea salt & vinegar, and cheddar but haven't tried those yet."
If you are feeding Similac Sensitive then buy these now. We purchased a box to have for the diaper bag and for back-up. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the size. Our newborn isn't drinking 8 oz yet so have to throw it in the fridge once open and if your not near a fridge you have to throw it out. But when you have a crying newborn in one arm you'll do anything to make them happy!
"I ordered these for my daughter who was having to change to a no milk, no soy, no yeast, extremely low carb diet and was really missing her sweet treats. She has eaten about 3 bars and enjoyed them. However, every one since then has been moldy when opened. She is frustrated and I am not happy about spending money on a product that seems to get moldy easily, even when stored in a dry, dark climate."
"I heard about this product through a friend and decided to give it a try. Peanut butter without the fat, yes please! I found this product to be delicious and use it mainly in refrigerator oatmeal. It tastes just like peanut butter and mixes perfectly! Not to mention it lasts a while so you are definitely getting the bang for your buck. I can't wait to try this in smoothies and PB cookies! I am for sure recommending this to my friends! Give it a try!"
"Don't know whether it tastes good or not. I bought this because I have several food sensitivities, including garlic, and was looking for a protein item I could eat while traveling. I thought I had checked this product for ingredients thoroughly prior to purchasing but apparently not. For others who may have questions or need to know, the Smoked flavor contains (according to the package): ""wild salmon fillet, salt, brown sugar, corn syrup solids, natural flavoring, spices & garlic powder."""
The San Francisco Bay coffee was delivered to my home very quickly and I found the product to be professionally wrapped in several small packages offering fresh coffee over the entire period of use; Amazon puts a lot of thought into what they sell and how they sell it. While I found the product different and a bit stronger in the beginning I think I will tray another brand not quite as strong next time.
"Douwe Egberts coffee is the most incredible coffee you will ever have, but only out of the machine that uses the liquid form. I was so excited about availability of ground but very dissapointed in the taste. It's ok but nothing like the machine. It doesn't change my opinion of the company and the amazing machine, but I'll just stick with Starbucks, Peet's, Seattle's, etc ground. As always though, Amazon is so easy to work with, I received my order quickly. Amazon never let's me down."
"My husband and I were looking for a good snack and these fit the bill for us. More fiber than your normal pretzel, lots of flavor and has a decent amount of protein too. These are terrific! Its been part of our diet for over a year and we have lost about 60 pounds each. We make our own hummus and eat these with it, or I eat them with a wedge of laughing cow cheese or peanut butter."
"Ordered this several months ago and was not happy with the 'variety'. This time though I did not have a single duplicate. 24 coffees, 3 decafs, 3 caps, two cocos and the rest tea. I haven't checked the expiration date on them yet. Shipped very fast, ordered late Friday night, arrived Monday morning. I would like to see them dump the Grove Square coffees though, I personally do not like the taste of them and the just feel cheap."
"I've been looking for dried organic mango that is as delicious as that carried by Whole Foods, which only sporadically carries it in their bulk foods area. This was not the mango I was searching for. It was toooo dry and didn't exactly taste like mango -- it almost tasted more like dried persimmon. It wasn't terrible -- that is, my family ate up the two pounds -- but not with the anticipated level of joy."
"because, I know it's right there in the product specs, but I just didn't expect these sticks to be so....short. They taste great, of course, and there's a lot of them, but you need to eat, like three of them just to get a normal sized Slim Jim. I bought these as a gift for my guy and he liked them just fine, and the kids keep stealing them, so I guess it's all good."
"Nice coffee break and only 50 calories. I am not a huge coffee drinker and prefer my coffee hot, but I still thought this product was pretty good. Now my husband is much more of a coffee drinker and he really liked this product. It definitely provides full-bodied coffee flavor and the fact that this only chalks up 50 claories is a huge plus. I also think the size is just right--although my first impression was that is was a bit small."
"Jerky is expensive, but it's a great snack. My wife and I are striving to eat grass-fed, natural beef, and this is the best option we have found to have a handy snack nearby. The jerky is very good, but not great. It's better than Jack's Links or Oberto, but this pales in comparison to the jerky you can get at most meat markets. This is probably the best option unless you can make the jerky yourself."
"These are pretty good for a crunchy, high protein snack. The bag says 120 calories per serving on the front of it. This is misleading because the bags look like single serving bags, but they are NOT. Each bag has 1.5 servings, which means 180 calories per bag! The old Medifast Honey Mustard Pretzels were my favorite, but they stopped making them. The Kays pretzels are not quite the same, but similar tasting and less expensive."
"I have to be honest. I didn't buy these through Amazon, but received them as a gift with something I ordered elsewhere. From the moment the package arrived at the door my Bichon, Molly, went crazy. She was dancing on her hind legs trying to reach the counter. I couldn't open the package fast enough. They are small, crunchy and good for our dogs. She loves them so much I had to hide the little bag in the back of a cupboard."
"I like a hearty cup of coffee, not bitter. This is quite weak on the Keurig medium setting, which I most frequently use, and just tolerable on the small cup setting. I prefer Donut Shop, Fog Chaser, and other rich-bodied coffees -- and I even like Lake & Lodge, whioh isn't a rich coffee if that helps you compare. This is so-so even when I mix it with a good flavored coffee; it just lacks its own flavor."
"I received a free bag of these when I went down for the Westminster Dog Show this past February. Until then, I'd not heard of this brand. My dogs just love them. They stay soft, unlike other soft treats that harden up after the package has been opened. They are also soft enough to easily break into smaller pieces for training treats. My dogs and I prefer these to anything we've bought in the grocery store."
"I can make my cats do the silliest things to get these. I like to put cardboard boxes around the living room and toss treats into them at random. The cats will leap into the boxes, gobble the treat and then leap out waiting to hear where the next one will go. It's pretty dang entertaining. They sure don't do this for anything else. Something about these treats drives the cats crazy and I love it."
"We LOVE this mix! I use it for muffins all the time, to have with soups, stews, etc. Two hints: use UNSALTED butter, and use the full amount -- don't try to go low-fat or they're no good. Also, because I'm usually serving them with savory things and don't want them sweet, I use only 2 T of sugar. They come out perfectly every time. If you were serving them for breakfast you'd probably want at least 1/3 c. sugar."
"Growing up, I was used to coconut water all the time. While none of the brands selling coconut water are close to the real thing (FRESH coconut water), Zico comes the closest. It comes the closest in my book because it doesn't taste as adulterated as some of the other brands. I can't make a claim about the flavored versions of this drink but for the natural flavor Zico wins hands down compared to Vita Coco and O.N.E."
I picked up some of this tea at the grocery store last week. It has some grassy aftertaste that many green teas have but not as much as some brands. I was careful with water temp and how long I let it steep and it wasn't bitter. It tastes somewhat clean and fresh but I like the much less expensive Salada better and I don't have to be careful with it like I do with Stash teas.
"The coffee had a nice bold, flavor, but the foil on the cups were not properly sealed, and I mean all of the cups. Every brewing left grounds in the cup and sometimes made a complete mess because the water wasn't going through the brew tip. The flavor of the coffee was not enough to warrant a better rating because we get this product for convenience and easy clean up, as much as for the flavor."
"I tried the product in the recommended dosage and felt mixed about the concoction. Using less water for the same amount of syrup got better results. When a few friends came over for dinner, I decided to get a little creative and used the product with carbonated as well as mineral water, with a dash of mint, lime and rum. While my friends were down on the non-alcohol version of my creation, they were positively ecstatic about my twist on rum punch."
"I purchased this item for my mom who has type 2 diabetes. Her glucose level for the most part, remained in the normal range using this product as a sweetener in her tea. Although this product appears to work well in preventing sugar spikes, my two issues with it is, (1) the ridiculous shipping cost and (2)it does not have a favorable taste with all tea. I have not tried using it in baking goods, so I can not comment on that, at this time."
"Ginger snaps: The name says it all, you want ginger and you want snap. These have the ginger for sure, with a lingering burn in the throat. And they sure have snap, they're very crunchy. I'm taking a point off because I think they go overboard on both accounts. The lingering burn seems a bit excessive, although some might really enjoy it. But the crunch really seems like a flaw, these cookies are bordering on hard. I still ate the whole bag though. :)"
"I absolutely love the chocolate macaroons. They taste like german chocolate cake in a bite. These are very high in MCT's and therefore make a great pre-cardio munch -on or even before training. I gave the blonde macaroons to my boyfriend as a gift because he likes those better. The empty tins are being used as containers for jewelery, you;ve got to love the crown design on them, they actually look pretty nice placed on your dressing table."
"This is the only case of Libby's vege's I have bought from Amazon that did not have large dents in the cans. However, uncertain of the next shipments, I have cancelled all the subscribe and save orders based on the damage of the other cans of Libby's products. The damage does not appear to be cause by shipping by Amazon, it appears the cans were dented upon packing. It's a shame that we bought canned goods from a reputable company and they sent us dented cans."
"I reveived samples with 10 different coffee. Unfortunately I did not have choice to pick what kind of coffee that I want to sample. The coffee samples are most (90%) from South America. There are not popular in market. I wish the seller would let buyer to pick the samples. The coffee bean is in plastic bag. It is recommended to store in cloth sack if store over 3 months. That will be little trouble too.<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0001NBGHM"">5 Lb. Organic Fair Trade Green Coffee Sampler</a>"
"I have never seen a beach housewarming gift before. It came at the right time. I wasn't looking to buy my boss a gift, but when I saw this it was perfect. It was so unexpected by all as to the uniqueness of the theme of this gift that everyone kept saying..........""I have never seen anything like this before."" ""Where did you get it."" The price was good and the look was good. The delivery was pretty quick. It was packaged well. Thank you."
"I poured boiling water over the pod and worked it over really well with a spoon until the water was good and dark. This produced a good, full bodied coffee with a rich taste. For my next cup, I put the pod in a French press and let it set for a few minutes before pressing, and the flavor improved even more. If you don't have a single pod brewer, this is the way to brew an excellent, environmentally-friendly cup of coffee from the individual packets."
This is a good brand. I got one container of this then looked around and now I purchase one pound garlic bags by CR and add balsamic vinegar and spices and get the healthy and delicious garlic from US. I did not know that majority of the garlic sold in stores are from China even the peeled ones in containers. Christopher Ranch garlic is spicy tasting by itself when raw but not when pickled or crushed. CR is not organic but it's fine with me. Bravo.
"We made our first batch. The texture of this pizza crust mix is better than others we have tried (crisp, not soggy). The taste in not that great (both of us were not impressed). If texture is what you want, this has it. We will update this review on the second batch. second batch. The taste is not that good. It is crispier with a pan with holes in it. I am trying a different brand."
"I was a little dubious...I couldn't believe that green stuff would taste good since I'm kind of veggie-phobic, but these things are great! They don't taste like green stuff at all, just a nice chocolate peanut butter flavor. The bars have a tiny bit of crunchiness, but in a pleasant way and aren't too sweet. I just found a tasty way to get more green in my diet, I'm so happy! The bars are greenish inside, but if you don't look you'd never know it."
"This tea product got me running alright, to the crapper. But it did help loose about 10 lbs, mostly compacted fecal matter. I also feel more energized and feeling alot better. Before taking this product my best friend was a couple of cups of black coffee but since taking this for the last month my craving for coffee and sweets has subsided, however i now have to bulk up on toilet paper. Great product great buy!"
"I love the other Kashi hot cereal, so I bought the Vanilla with great confidence -- only to be completely disappointed! It has little to no texture, it is very bland, and it gums up very quickly even with more than the reccommended amount of water. I originally bought Kashi because prepackaged oatmeal is overly sweet -- this is not sweet at all. I also found it to be too creamy. If you're looking for an excellent hot cereal, try the Kashi Cinnamon and Honey."
"This water is great, I prefer the normal flavor, but the Passion Fruit version is good too. This stuff is great after a workout or a bike ride. It is also a great prophylactic to prevent hangover (have one when you conclude consumption, and another when you wake up). It seems to replenish necessary minerals, etc., to give you a more pleasant recovery. The packaging is great, the boxes are simple to open and stay cold for a long time. The only drawback is price."
This is the first time I have used land mined salt. I usually use salt from various sea sources. After reading several reviews here on Amazon I decided to try this salt. I was very pleasantly surprised the first time I tasted the salt. The flavor was fresh and subtle. Not like the salt you usually buy in the grocery stores. Plus it has a lot of trace minerals your body needs. I highly recommend this salt.
"My doggies snubbed these biscuits initially (they always act that way) before they decided that they didn't really mind them, in fact they kind of like them...now. These are made with natural ingredients, but they do have wheat flour and oatmeal and so I don't give them too often. I don't really like giving my dogs wheat. I prefer Natural Balance L.I.T. Limited Ingredients Treats over these, but this is a good product too."
"This stuff is great on everything from eggs to burgers to BBQ anything. It has wonderful smokey flavor, and as the label says it's fairly hot(for true chile heads It's pretty mild). This is the real deal Chipotle flavor from south of the border, the only problem is $12.99 for a 5.8 oz. bottle??? Must be a type-o or something, PEOPLE YOU CAN BUY THIS PRODUCT DOWN AT YOUR LOCAL MEGA-MART FOR $1.69! Yes that's what I said $1.69. Buyer Beware"
"I was so excited to get my whole wheat pizza dough. After ordering it, I got it two days later! The directions are easy to follow and the taste of the crust is phenomenal. The toppings I added to my pizza were shrimp, chicken, cherry tomatoes, Mexican cheese blend, and turkey Canadian bacon. The pizza turned out great! Only 8 Weight Watcher's Point Plus value per slice. This is a better alternative to other leading pizzas."
"I've tried this EMAB's Milkmaid Tea, Yogi's Nursing Support, Traditional Medicine's Mother's Milk, and a couple other brands I don't remember from a local healthfoods store. This is by far the tastiest in my opinion and I wouldn't even mind drinking it if I weren't nursing. It's the only brand I bought again. I stopped drinking it when it was clear I had an oversupply and only use it when I'm pumping more often, which usually hinders my supply (versus nursing)."
"I LOVE THIS BRAND OF JAPANESE MATCHA. I HAVE TRIED OTHERS BUT THIS ONE STANDS OUT TO ME AS ONE OF THE BEST I HAVE BOUGHT SO FAR. IT IS PRICEY BUT YOU WILL GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR IN THIS TYPE OF PRODUCT. IT IS BRIGHT GREEN, VERY FRESH AND THE AROMA IS VERY EARTHY, ACROSS BETWEEN ALFALFA AND FRESH CUT GRASS. IT IS A VERY HEALTHY PRODUCT WITH A VAST ABUNDANCE OF ANTOXIDANT AND OTHER HEALTH BENEFITS. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
I remember eating Shake 'N Bake when I was a kid. I think I even got the privilege of shaking the ole Ziploc baggie. I recently tried the Original Chicken flavor. I think the individual serving packs are great size. I even tried this on Tilapia tonight and it was pretty good. It's a great alternative to fried foods. I like that it is a really quick and easy meal solution. It takes less than 30 minutes from start to finish.
"I was amazed that I found out these have been around for over 150 years, kinda makes you realize these will probably be around forever then. I use to eat these as a kid and still do on occasion. The assorted flavors are interesting and honestly, I don't think even after 10 years in storage the taste would be any different. If you havn't tried them yet you should and if you had them but not in a while, try them again."
"He gets all excited, runs off, but in bulk, all I can say is that I keep tripping over totally unchewed rawhide bones all over my house. He usually chews raw hides 3/4 of the way before kinda giving up and getting a fresh one. These show no sign of ever being chewed. I don't know why, but I have tripped over so many at this point (and I've only used one of the two bags) .... I doubt I would ever buy again."
"Tastes great and satisfies my hunger. I am currently on a fitness diet and I don't feel guilty when I am eating one of these. Since there are no ""melty"" ingredients, it stays in tact in hot cars, at beaches etc which is an added bonus. I took a star off because the calorie count is a bit high, but I chalk that up to the great taste and the fact that it fills you up."
"I thought I was buying 9 lbs of coffee. the Title reads.. ""Assorted whole bean sampler, 9 Lb box"" So any sane person would think your getting 9 lb's of coffee. To my surprise there was only 5 1/2 lbs of coffee and one bag was marked Free Sample. No where does it state the total coffee weight clearly. Classic misrepresentation. So I read the other reviews and someone else told Amazon about this problem a year ago! How can we trust the product pages?"
"I never say it but I say it today...OMG! These are the best sesame seeds I have ever tasted!!!!!!! I was shocked at how crispy and tasty these sesame seeds are right out of the bottle. It was difficult to stop eating them. I use these in cookie recipes, on salads, on steaks, on PBJ sammies, in yogurt. These guys did an awesome job with this product, especially for the price. You will not be dissapointed."
Just started using this and the smell is a little odd at first but its not too bad. I got some on my lips by accident and my lips started feeling numb. Not sure what that was about. I like that its not a mask that you have to scrub off. This one just rinses right off. After I rinsed it off I instantly saw my skin look a little more brighter and glowy after the first use.
"My dog loves the big pieces, but, there are so few of them I am not sure if I should try this brand again. The pieces are for the most part tiny throw outs in a lot of dust. The few bigger pieces my dog LOVES. I don't know if they are made wrong, or packed wrong, or just handled VERY badly in shipping, but they are NOT worth the money in the condition that they arrive in."
"They must have changed this product since previous reviewers said it was good: I just tried it for the first time and it was HORRIBLE! After following package directions, had to add some water and re-microwave to soften up the noodles, which were FAR from ready to eat--the sauce packet is not enough to moisten them sufficiently. And then, it tasted terrible. What a disappointment. I have been eating Maruchan for quite awhile--not great--but WAY better than this!"
"The following is just my opinion so take it for what it's worth. I suppose some reviewers actually liked this, but I have to say without any doubt whatsoever, this is absolutely the WORST jerky I've ever tried. I've grown up on the stuff, and I like a real cowboy beef jerky. This stuff is soft, kind of falls apart in your mouth, and I'm sorry just plain TERRIBLE. If you like a good jerky that you can chew on a while, this isn't it."
"I know some would say that ""homemade are better"" is a no-brainer, but I happen to think that some store bought cookies are just fabulous! However, these are not in that category. They were dry - far from being gooey - and quite tasteless. They are also really small so it was not like you could lay them out on a plate and serve, they are more of a pop-in-the-mouth snack. I personally would not get these again. This review is through the Vine Program."
"These treats are perfect for training. They do not crumble and a dog can eat them quickly and easily. A dog will not lose focus since he won't have to stop and eat. I actually cut them in quarters for agility class. As far as flavors, my dogs will eat anything. From the owner's perspective, the salmon smell so much better than the chicken. The chicken has a typical dog food meat smell, but the salmon does not smell like dog food at all."
These pods are too thick & are problematic in Senseo Coffee Makers. They state they will work in all pod coffee makes - not so! Must use one at a time (directions on box)and too loose for the double holder and too fat for the single. My top has popped open - pods have ripped on sides - making a mess. Amazon also will not take returns on grocery items; so don't waste your money or time on these.
First tried these at my work vending started buying them everyday $1.25 per 2ozs. (WOW) Went o Amazon and saw I could get them cheaper so I order 6 bags took them on vacation with me my family loved them all of them wanted to know where to buy them they are just diffrent and that little warm bang surprise is good. Will contiue to but these. Good flavor and good price for the larger bag!
"The first roll of bags was fine, but so far every bag on the second roll has been defective ... the bottoms tear open as soon as you put your hand into it, or (WORSE) tear open as soon as you put your doggy mess inside. Gross! I'm not real enthused about finding out if the rest of the rolls are defective or not ... I think I'll just cut my losses and pitch them into my recycle bin."
"My husband loves the coffee, but this is the only one he's had that he has to continually clean out the machine because the cartridges don't remained sealed. The coffee grounds get inside the machine and in the coffee. After closer inspection, some of the cups aren't well sealed when they come out of the box. The price sounded good, but not for the quality and aggrevation. We will not purchase Van Houtte products in the future."
"This tea product got me running alright, to the crapper. But it did help loose about 10 lbs, mostly compacted fecal matter. I also feel more energized and feeling alot better. Before taking this product my best friend was a couple of cups of black coffee but since taking this for the last month my craving for coffee and sweets has subsided, however i now have to bulk up on toilet paper. Great product great buy!"
"When I ordered Green Mountain Dark Magic K-Cup it was a gamble since I never had tried it. Wow,now that is coffee. Forget the convenience of brewing, the coffee is a great wake-up in the A.M., good for relaxation in the afternoon, and a nice hot cup of darkmagic is fitting for social gab. If you haven't tried it, you should. If you are disappointed just ship it to me, I might even reimburse you. If you were ever a gambler, try a shot."
"Well, to start with, this candy is NOT sweet, it is very bitter, I don't drink black coffee, it must have cream and sugar, this doesn't have that, in fact, it doesn't taste like coffee at all, it is an overpowering hazel-nut in taste, a taste, I do not like at all, if only I could have tried this before buying, I wouldn't be stuck with this 28 oz jar that I am going to trash."
"This is your no-frills classic powdered green tea. This green tea is like a pearl necklace on Audrey Hepburn or Marilyn Monroe. It's both classy and sexy and icons of a more romantic era. While it's not the most superb matcha or the most interesting, you simply can't go wrong with Royal Matcha. It's a comforting and energizing drink for the morning, and if you're immune to caffeine, this makes a great latte for dessert after dinner. Like I said, you can't go wrong with this."
"My husband bought this bread for us to try and save money. When it arrived, the package was really heavy. Too heavy even for 12 loafs of bread. When I opened it, There were 12 packs (7 slices and very thin) of the bread. Each one weighing almost a pound. I took a bite and had to spit it out. It was AWFUL. Dry and tasteless. I really wish we could return the product. I DON'T recommend this product at all!!! Save your money!"
"Pros: -Easy, all in one clean up. -BPA free -Doesn't take up a lot of space Cons: -Makes small batches. Can only fit half a sweet potato and barely two apples -Takes longer to make bulk baby food because you can't blend while it's steaming -Steaming times are way too long, and you have to let the unit cool off for 5 mins before you can touch it or else you get burned"
"This contains Soy, I wish It was mentioned in the details. Soy has many negative side effects, and its linked to a similiar to estrogen hormones which isnt good for men. ~PROS~ -Tastes Great -10g Protein -All natural -Gluten/Wheat Free -Low Glycemic Index(45) -3g FIBER -Non GMO, No transfats -Dairy/Cholesterol free ~Cons~ Contains Soy Crisp (Soy protein isolate, Tapicoa Starch) And Soy lecithin. Soy protein isolate is horrible Do a google search"
"This food is not a good food and is not worth the money. It contains by products and lots of corn. It will make your cats fat and lazy. My friend's cat was vomiting and had been to every vet and had every test but when she switched the food to Innova Evo, the cat stopped vomiting. Do not buy this food because for the same price you can buy Evo which is grain free and made with table-grade meat. SCIENCE DIET IS GARBAGE!"
"Live bonsai trees just don't survive in a southern climate, when they look sick you add the things you think will make them better, but that just kills them! This tea leaf is really pretty, that's simply a type of tree that you can't find locally, here you might find a small elm or juniper that is suitable for bonsai. With either in a few seasons they are just going to out-grow the pot, but this one never will!"
"I like the high protein/fiber and low calories. But this was way too sweet. I had to double the amount of recommended water to be able to drink this. I have also tried the iced tea and pink lemonade. I like the pink lemonade best and this one the least. Overall, the product is not bad. It dissolves completely and does not have aftertaste. Give it a try. But before buying a bunch of one single flavor, try them all first."
I live in Washington and all they sell here are the individual serving packs of this tea. I have been buying the Walmart brand Peach Tea and it just doesn't come anywhere near the taste of this Lipton Tea. I was EXTREMELY stoked when I found out you can buy this through Amazon! This is my son and I's absolute favorite Peach Tea to drink! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!! Also the price is UNBEATABLE!!
"I have 2 large dogs who are getting older and a little slower now, so I got these for them. They will do just about anything for them. I also have a small dog who is young and she wants them, too. I like that there is nothing harmful in them and that they are a USA product. It is a much more healthful treat and supplement than many that are available. I will be buying these again."
"I love the Republic of Tea, especially the ""Get Clean,"" which really delivers on its promises of taste and effect. However, I have never found a tea I did not like until this one. The taste is not the best, as a matter of fact, its my least favorite flavor of tea I have ever had. Not only that, but this tea has literally zero effect on me in terms of relaxing or getting a more restful night."
"Bought the sodastream as a present and wanted to make sure my grandson has a good experience when he gets it this Christmas. Bought this along with two extra storage bottles to assure he has everything he needs to use the sodamaker without having to order and wait for other flavors. Got these extra soda flavors, extra bottles, and the SodaStream itself for less than what I could have bought the Starter kit alone in retail stores."
"I've been drinking Barry's Tea from Ireland over the past many years, and thought I'd give this PG Tips stuff a try as it's a bit less expensive and from the same neck of the woods where they like their tea a little on the stronger side. I was disappointed. This is a weak, uninspiring drink. The flavors are mild and the tannins are not notable. I wouldn't buy this tea again. If you like stronger tea, try Barry's or Tazo Awake."
"These are a good way to try out flavors before buying the big 750ml guys. The Gingerbread is very floral, I used the entire thing in a large 14oz coffee and didn't need to use any sugar at all. The peppermint is a true gourmet candy cane flavor that I love most in a whit hot chocolate. Haven't tried the eggnog yet... We have the full size 750ml Pumpkin Pie Spice and that one is the best!"
"I first bought another brand of coconut butter and found it to my liking in every way. Hoping that all brands will not be so different from each other, I tried Kevala, and was disappointed to find its texture too coarse and dry, as if dried juiced out coconut meat was processed by blender. It does not have the silkiness and softness of coconut flesh as in the other brand. So much for trying another brand; I will stick to the first one I bought."
"I got to this in my Mom VoxBox from Influenster. I don't like oatmeal cookies. So I had my daughter try it and she LOVED it. She said ""Mom, this cookie is really good. Is there another one. I only got one."" I told her no that, that was all. She was really bummed. But I told her that when we go to the store and if we see them we'll make sure to buy them since she likes them so much."
I will never know how this product is. Amazon/Starbucks chose to send this order with the requirement I sign for it! Why they would do this on a $20.00 order is beyond me. I work and am not home to sign for packages. The package was returned and Amazon/Starbucks has yet to reply to my emails or even return my money. This in my first Amazon disappointment and I have ben a customer for nearly 10 years.
"This granola in one word? AMAZING. This stuff rocks. It's a perfect snack (though a little high in calories at 140 for 1/4 cup) full of cocoa, coconut, berries, oats and chunks of chocolate. I love that it's organic too. The only thing I didn't like is that there are an awful lot of small crumbs at the bottom of the bag from the larger chunks falling apart (due to shipping?). Love it and can't wait to get more."
I bought these for work since I'm in charge of keeping the candy dish full. I love this! you cant beat the price and its the fav reds!!! how much better can it get??? My co-workers are very happy with these and now I don't have to buy candy every week just once a month! None of the candies have be stale and all of the bags don't expire for another year. Once again Amazon you saved the day!
"This tea product got me running alright, to the crapper. But it did help loose about 10 lbs, mostly compacted fecal matter. I also feel more energized and feeling alot better. Before taking this product my best friend was a couple of cups of black coffee but since taking this for the last month my craving for coffee and sweets has subsided, however i now have to bulk up on toilet paper. Great product great buy!"
"I love potato chips and when I go at it I always eat more than I should. A whole bag of chips can be more than 1000 calories and 80 grams of fat. Pop chips are a partial solution. They are very tasty, crunchy and satisfy my chip urge. A whole bag of chips (3 servings) is 360 calories and 12 grams of fat. These chips are not fried but they taste very good. Try em."
"Just to give a little extra information, this is the Golden Dragon brand <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0064EIAVW"">Tikuanyin - China Oolong Tea - net wt 150g (5.3 Oz)</a> found elsewhere on the site. It comes in the tin and is a quite good oolong tea. I usually get three infusions out of each cup and there's no discernable bitterness despite sometimes steeping the third cup for 10+ minutes (I basically let the last one steep until I'm ready to drink it)."
"I actually really love the Jack Link's Original Beef Steak Nuggets, however the 4 pack I received seemed to be old. They weren't nearly as good as the ones I have purchased in gas stations. Makes you wonder why that would be. These were tough and much drier then I expected. I have to say I will not order them again through the mail. If they had been fresher I would have rated them as I love them because I really do."
"These are great chips! I also like the red chips. UNFORTUNATELY, Amazon ships these out in the vendor boxes which are very flimsy. All of the chips end up broken. It's so funny -- everything else Amazon sends out is in rugged Amazon boxes -- sometimes the item inside is in the vendor box so you get double protection. The items that should be double boxed (chips) don't get any protection at all and they are the most fragile."
We have a toothless older small dog and this is perfect for him to eat since he licks his food and this is healthy for him too and cheaper than the canned foods at the vets and other places! So hard to find soft/canned food that our dogs like and our other dog has upset stomack troubles and with this she doesn't get sick if she eats late in the day and loves it. Our dogs are so picky too. This is great!
"All of the Kind Bars are simply delicious with large portions that satisfy any sweet tooth. They average 12 carbs with plenty of fiber to bring the net carbs down to 8. The ingredients are simple; nuts and dried fruit with a little honey, but each bars packs a great deal of flavor. One taste will have you choosing Kind Bars over any candy bar. Unlike other ""health"" bars that have hidden calories these bars are simply fruit and nut with nothing else added."
"I make espresso on a Krups machine with Cafe Lavazza. In comparison to Cafe Bustelo, which has a boring, but tolerable strong dark roast espresso flavor, Lavazza espresso has a more unique, rich syrupy flavor. However, if I compare Lavazza to the beans that I bought at Four Barrel in San Francisco last week, Lavazza's flavor seems pretty boring. I give it 4 stars because it is a great deal for the price and has good flavor."
"I used this flour to make the banana bread recipe that is on the back of the package. After reading some of the reviews, I was quite worried about how it would taste. I was able to serve the banana bread to some friends that were visiting and we all enjoyed it. I have not used the flour for anything else, however, I did not notice the bean flavor that has been mentioned in other reviews."
"I have yet try to this brand, but all I know is that lentils are the richest bean in fiber. Here is list of the fiber content in 1/2 cup of the following beans: 1. lentils 8 grams 2. black beans 7.5 grams 3. pinto beans 7.5 grams 4. kidney beans 4.5 grams 5. chickpeas 4 grams It's probably true that canned beans do lose some of their fiber content but not by very much. And it sure beats the hassle of cooking."
"I've bought their 20% Kona and 80% Tropical blend pods before and really enjoyed the taste. I bought these because it appeared they were the same. The box even looked the same. Indeed, it stated on the box that it was a 20%-80% blend. Inside, however, the pods are actually 10% Kona and 90% Tropical blend. You can't even taste or smell the Kona coffee. This is a bait and switch item that everyone should ignore."
We got this along with the spicy marinara one. I thought we should try and 'go healthy.' There is much better whole grain pasta out there. This was not a big hit with me or my kids. We liked the concept though. It heated quickly. I guess it's precoooked so that's why it's really ready in 60 seconds (as stated on the package). The price is fine too -- just go for the Spicy Marinara instead.
"As a relatively new Keurig user (former Senseo user), I have been trying various flavored coffees along with regular pods. This coffee was not bad, just not my favorite flavor combination. I'm not sure why because how can you beat chocolate and raspberry. This is just a personal preference issue. The product was received in a timely manner and arrived in good shape. So far my favorite flavored coffee is Timothy's Sugar Bush maple. This flavor may work well for you. Enjoy"
I bought the kit to dabble in spherification. The item is as-described and arrived on time. My complaint is that the instructions measure the required chemicals in fractions of grams. My kitchen scale measures as low as 1 gram but does not do fractions of grams. I cannot find a kitchen scale that measures fractions of grams. Therefore I find the kit difficult to use. I would not recommend the kit because it requires the purchase of specialized scale that can measure tenths of grams.
"The Stash Tea Company seems to make excellent products. Everything I've ever tried from them is a quality product. In the herbal tea world, however that doesn't mean you like it all! Moroccan Mint is THE best tea I've ever tried from any maker. While not therapeutic, it is very welcome any time of day from that first cup in the morning to the relaxing last hour of the day. That's why I subscribed to auto ship- so that I won't have to be without."
"This is probably the best instant decaf I've ever had. It has a rich flavor and doesn't taste like instant. I gave it a 4 because of the cost and the packaging. It would be much more cost efficient if it came in a jar, rather than individual packets. Also, each packet is too strong for one cup (for me) so I use only 1/2 now and have to save the other half. Packets are great for traveling, but for home use it's unnecessary."
"Beware that there are no Dora the Explorer animal crackers in this package. We specificaly purchased it to get the Dora crackers. It was mis-represented with the picture as what you get is the same box that is available at the local costco. If you want Dora, don't buy. Sounds petty, but to my 2 year old daughter it was all about the Dora crackers. We do purchase the product at costco and will contiue to purchase it there."
"I'm a bit hesitant to actually use them as they did not come in a sealed package. They came in a unmarked small plastic jar with a piece of sloppily cut paper listing the ingredients. I would have like to have know this before purchasing the item. BUT I guess I'm a risk taker...I'm going to taste test them and if I wake up in the morning, they'll be on cupcakes at my son's birthday party next month because they are VERY CUTE!"
"I still prefer grinding my own whole bean coffee, but for a pre-ground, flavored coffee, this is probably the best I have had. The vanilla flavor is just right, not too over powering like many flavored coffees. Instead it has just the right level of vanilla. The only issue is that you do NOT need the amount of coffee that is suggested, you can probably get by with half of the amount of coffee and still enjoy a great cup of joe!"
"Love the laffy taffy. But when I received this product, all of the protective plastic sealing was torn open (it actually looked torn open by a person as opposed to pressure breaking the seal). Did not feel comfortable eating the product. However, Amazon was great at quickly processing a refund. I ended up buying the same product at the local Smart and Final for $4 less (around $9.00). So the price of this product is much higher than it should be."
"I am a big fan of Jem and I love the way it is so spreadable. This is the first time I tried the Coconut Cardamom flavor and I loved the flavor, but after the first use and I put it in the fridge, it was hard as rock and not spreadable at all. Flavor was fantastic and I did not have the problem with the Cinnamon Maca flavor - it spread like a dream down to the last drop."
"This was purchased for the ""fruit wedding anniversary"" (4th year) gift. It was perfect since the couple had everything they needed and something edible would not clutter their home. The fruit basket for the most part looked like the image, but the plastic wrapping was poorly done which cheapened the overall aesthetic. The fruit was mostly tasty. There was some that I didn't like, but it could be a matter of personal taste. Everyone else who tried it loved it."
"I've ordered Senseo Pods many times and never had this problem. However, this time, each bag was short several coffee pods. I started running out much quicker than usual, so I opened three bags and counted them, only to find 13 pods in each bag instead of 16. I've contacted Amazon.com about this and am waiting a response. Since I order two boxes at a time, this can really add up with a total of more than 30 missing out of the two containers. Be careful!"
"I was quite enthused to try this tea, based on reviews. Upon opening the bag, there was a slight scent. Once brewed, there was a flavor which I cannot describe, but which I did not like, followed by a very subtle lemony aftertaste. I am very fond of rooibos tea and had expected something similar, or at least an herbal quality which this tea does not have. It is just not for me. I will use the rest of my pound of honeybush to dye fabric."
"I was disappointed with the selection here - ""24 count"" sampler made me think I'd be getting 24 flavors to try. Instead it was only around 9 or 10, with a few of each. Seemed like someone just dumped them randomly in a box. I didn't like most of these, and the donut house coffees of ""chocolate glazed donut"" and ""cinnamon roll"" didn't taste like they were named. If you want to try out a bunch of different coffees, I wouldn't recommend this selection."
"Never before had I tried black coffee with sugar - until I tried the illy issimo. This is just plain black coffee with sugar. Some people may not like the taste of it, since most of are used to having either black coffee or black coffee with cream and sugar, but black coffee with sugar - hmm. Overall, I did like the taste of it. If you are planning to buy this, I would suggest trying a single can before doing a bulk order"
The 2 cats that didn't like it are older and I think it is because the smaller round shape is harder to hold in their mouths to chew as a piece would drop out of their mouth and they wouldn't try to retrieve it. The other 3 eat it fine without hesitation. When it goes on sale again I will purchase it again. One improvement to the bag would be for it to self seal like so many other products are now doing.
"Does have whole milk and sugar too. Says Whole Milk, sugar, hydronated coconut oil, maltrodexin (fake sugar?), coffee less than 2% artificial flavor, carageenan (that is a normal thing they add. You wouldn't believe me if I told you what it is. Google it. They add it to everything for color. At least it is natural! dextrin sodiym phophate, sodium hexametaphoshate, sodium citrate I believe the hydronated coconut oil is to make the milk dissolve so easy. So easy to make."
"I have been using this product religiously for about a month now and cannot see/""smell"" that it has done anything to help with the bad breath issue that my cat has. I measure the amounts exactly so there is no issue there. Maybe it will work all of a sudden right when I need to buy a new bottle of it?! I would have to say avoid this product at this point and try something else."
I have been searching for a really good black raspberry jam/preserves for a while and am finding it rather difficult because either they are SEEDLESS or running/syrupy and not thick with fruit.. This one so far from three others I have tried from Amazons offerings is the best of the bunch. It has lots of berries and it is farily thick not running and has a great taste. I still have a few others to try but so far this one is a good start.
"Of all the K-Cup flavors that are out there, and there are many very good ones, this is one of my least favorites, and I have tried almost all of them. Not much flavor to this one, even if you add various types of creamers. Of course, it is all a matter of taste, but this one doesn't taste all that good. It is not bad - it is just kind of there - like a generic coffee. Try something else instead."
"This is amazing salt! A friend brought me my first bag from the Cook Islands. It is light and very nice on the tooth. I wish I could buy it in 5 lb bags. The best use so far, steam young potatos, flatten on a sheet pan drench with olive oil (I infuse mine with garlic) and sprinkle liberally with this salt and bake hot (400* convection) until brown. It is a great finishing salt for meats too!"
"Received box of these, and they were packaged in Thailand, and one of the cups package was leaking black through the box, and when opened the cup was completely black with mold, and had only one orange in it. The leakage had contaminated the other 4 packs. I would appreciate you stating in your description where the product was packaged, and processed at. Amazon was excellent and refunded my full amount, but I am very leery about ordering these again."
"Tastes flat. Positioned as a wholesome cracker, it features whole grains, no artificial preservatives, flavors, or colors, no high fructose corn syrup, and no hydrogenated oils. A comparison analogy of these vs. Nabisco grahm crackers is comparing whole wheat to white bread. For most people, white bread tastes better, though the whole wheat is healthier. If you want healthy, tasty grahm crackers, go with Back to Nature's apple-cinnamon version, which is a wholesome good-tastin' grahm cracker."
"The item received is not the item that I ordered, nor the item advertised. They are advertising this as Spelt Sesame Sticks, when in fact I received Cheddar Sesame Sticks. This is not what I ordered, nor was it what I wanted. Also one of the bags was boken in the box. And guess what, the item can not be returned. This is no way to run a business. Do not order this from these people."
"I bought these on special when they were only about $13 for 24 .8 oz bags. It's an absolutely wonderful deal. But unfortunately I don't like them... at all! I've tried Salt & Pepper, Original, BBQ, Salt & Vinegar; but these are just awful! I've loved all the other flavors and I like Sour Cream & Onion chips normally, so I'm not sure why I dislike these so much. I'm hoping I can somehow return them."
"a natural way to clean pups' teeth that isn't messy or smelly and that lasts a long time- my dog carries his around and will chew it for an hour at a time Editing review: my small dog, who had healthy teeth before I gave him antlers to chew, now has fractures on 4 molars from chewing. Give these chews with caution, if at all, tooth extraction is a painful & costly result of his enthusiasm for these chews."
"ok. this is really cheap, can be a good substitute for those expensive gelatin sheets i got from japanese super market. First i used it to make jello, it gave a fishy smell. although my friends quite like the jello and didn't notice any odor, I felt fishy compared to the gelatin sheets i used to use. So afterwards, I only use it in pudding or other strong flavored food so i won't notice the smell."
I have come to appreciate Panko bread crumbs. I use two different brands--both of which are very satisfying. Bread crumbs are really good complements and ingredients for many dishes. I prefer Panko to the regular bread crumbs that one can purchase at the nearby grocery store. They add a better texture and provide a crunch that is delightful. And this product is one of the better Panko bread crumb resources that I have run across.
"I actually like this tea, but I did give it three stars for a couple of reasons. The tea, in my opinion, is average... nothing really to set it apart... three stars is average... The tea is not organic, no really high points, no really bad points... again... average. The biggest negative for me is the price... at the supermarket they usually have sales on tea that would make this a lot cheaper if bought there."
"I was hesitant to try this product because I don't like to order products for consumption over the web. So far I've placed 2 orders of this product, and I am about to place my 3rd. The product meets my standards, and the company has delivered as promised. I get my product within days of placing the order. The product is working well for the anti-viral, medicinal benefits I was seeking. I just wish some recommended dosages were included."
"I am a huge fan of the V-8 100% vegetable juice flavor, and even the lemon-enhanced flavor, anti-oxidants and calcium-enriched ones but the low sodium? Ptooey! I didn't realize having 75% less sodium in the bottle would make such a huge impact on flavor but it sure does. Both my husband and I bought a huge bottle and after two glasses cannot stand the flavor. We're likely going to toss the rest down the drain, what a waste!"
"My two Shih Tzu are picky eaters. But they seem to like the Wellness foods better than any other I've tried. However, this particular variety doesn't seem to be quite as big of a hit with them as the other Wellness canned varieties we've tried. But they do eat it. As for it helping with food allergies.. and for sensitive stomachs.. I'm not so sure yet. I've been feeding it to them for several weeks now, but don't see any diference so far."
"My dog loved the ball and the everlasting treat but about 12 hours after going crazy licking it, she'd throw it all up. I tried again two weeks later, convinced that maybe it was something else that had made her sick, and like clockwork, 12 hours went by and she vomited again. She loves the ball so I will probably put her biscuits in the very inside and let her play with it that way. I regret spending so much on this toy."
I just bought a new Great Northern 8 ounce Popcorn Machine and I bought the 6 ounce packs and 8 ounce and both taste chewy. This popcorn seems to have a lot of moisture in it because all the windows tend to steam up really good. I also tried leaving the doors slightly open and metal try completely open which helps with the steam but the popcorn still comes out chewy. I'll try ordering a different brand.
"Maybe it because almonds are my favorite nut, but I didn't notice an abundance of them as other have noted. I guess if you don't like almonds though you probably want to stay away from mixed nuts. The nuts are great tasting, but now they have come off of subscribe and save and are no longer a great deal. Would have given the product five stars, but now it gets 2 because it is cheaper to get at the grocery store now."
"I absolutely have always loved Barney Butter Almond Butter, and recently purchased the pack of 3. I was very dissappointed when my package arrived, the consistency of all 3 jars was extrememly watery. Unfortunately I am not able to return, or exchange the product. It's a shame that this type of customer service is attached to what I thought was an amazing product. I would recommend not ordering thru amazon, simply drive to the grocery store, which I wished I had done originally."
"This is great coffee don't get me wrong ... I love how strong it is, but it should taste better than this. It's got that somewhat almost stale taste to it ... not so bad I don't drink it but enough that I am not choosing it every morning amongst the selection I have now. I drink my coffee black so I am pickier. A friend of mine tried it and she adds milk to her coffee... she loved it!!"
"Sensible Foods should really stick to Apples only. This mix is mostly Apples...and very little of anything else. I found a blueberry and one strawberry piece in one packet...the rest just apples. If I had wanted dried apples, I would have bought dried apples. I saw these on a shopping channel and the mix they presented had more of the berries than this mix. I won't buy again...don't buy unless you are satisfied with just apples."
I was expecting this to be a light flowery/fruity tea and it was not that at all. The camomile flowers have tiny pieces that go through my nice tea infuser and they make a mess of the clean up process with how tiny the pieces are. I also got the cranberry orange and prefer that much more. This just doesn't work for me at all and I love this type of tea just not this blend at all.
"I have been using this French Market coffee for many years. On moving to Guam, it was not in the stores here. I had brought some with me and sent some out when I went to the mainland last year.How thrilled I was to find I could order it through Amazon at a reasonable price and on automatic shipment! This coffee is never bitter due to the chicory in it and is robust and very tasty. I won't use anything else!"
"We have used arrowroot flour successfully in our gluten-free cooking/baking before but this brand has a very strong odor to it - like a mixture of chili powder and spices. Normal arrowroot flour/starch has no odor to it. The smell affects the flavor and my daughter, who has always been fine with arrowroot flour/starch, had an allergic reaction to this brand. I can't use this product. It smells so bad I can't even use it to make gluten-free play clay for my younger son."
"This product worked really well for my 4 month old who requires 24 calorie formula. The only downside is that now that she is up to 4oz at a time, we have to open a second bottle pour it into the first, refrigerate the remaining 2 ounces and then heat that up when its time to serve and of course, 2 ounces isn't enough and then another bottle has to be opened and it becomes a hassle rather than help."
"Ok - I have to admit, I'd never had a mallomar before. I know, they've been around longer than my grandparents - but this was a first for me. Um - YUM! The chocoholic in me loved the rich dark chocolate (very flavorful). It has just enough marshmallow and the cookie was perfect, not to dry or crumbly. These are packaged well and even though the box was dented when arrived, none of the cookies were damaged and they tasted very fresh."
"I had no idea that Amazon.com carries this wonderful stuff, till I happened to just run into it. I've been buying the Gold Kili beverages near where I live (at much more $$$ than at Amazon) for years, it's a wonderful and soothing beverage when my food (I like the Spicy!) is a little too much or I just feel a bit under the weather. It's a wonderful drink Hot or Cold and it makes me feel much better, I Love it."
"FYI, because I have to carefully measure all of my baby's food out, I realized that there's really only 1.5 ounces of food in each jar. Forget about the BPA baloney....they're ripping you off with a label that lies about how much food is in there. Don't believe me? Measure it yourself. My baby likes this food, but it's way too expensive considering that they're not even putting the amount that they say they are in there! I'm making my own!"
"This resealable 17oz Vita Coco is the great. I do bikram yoga everyday and until now, i was unable to bring my smaller coco packs with me to the room..no more.. now with this resealable pack i can use before and after, without worrying about spilling, etc The flavor is very good, 17 oz size is perfect too. When you drink half the pak, you already feel your energy coming back. I highly recommend this item!"
Picked up a mixed bag of 12 at Costco today-as they were only selling them for a limited time there. I sampled all 5 flavors and found that I enjoyed the banana and the cranberry the most. Much cheaper too! There were selling them for $7.49 for a box of 12. Almost wished I had picked up more now that I see the price here on Amazon. Hopefully they did well enough that they will become a staple at Costco.
"My 19 month old daughter loves these things. I love them because they are not messy (my daughter eats them right from the pouch) and you can easily send them to daycare or throw them in a diaper bag. I fall back on these pouches to get some veggies in when she doesn't want to eat what ever other veg I offer her. The ingredient list is simple and short. I feel pretty good about giving these to her, as opposed to other convenience foods."
"I bought a box of Grove Square ""medium roast"" for $10.00. I thought, what a great price for K-Cup coffee. Ya right! When I opened the box I thought that the cups were very light. Of course their light, they are filled with instant coffee! For the amount of ""instant"" coffee that I got for $10 I could have bought 2 jars at the same price and got 100 times the same type of coffee. I expect REAL coffee when I pay around 50c a cup."
"Although Folger's Coffee Singles probably wouldn't receive a very high rating from a true coffee aficionado, they are perfect for a simple 'wake up with coffee' drinker like myself. Since I only drink 1-2 cups of coffee a day they serve me well for daily use at home. I have also taken them with me when traveling abroad and camping. Easy to pack, easy to use. I must say that I've tried other brands but like Folger's the best."
"When I think of butter chicken, I think of a smooth, creamy, almost sweet sauce with complex but subtle flavors. This sauce, while it tastes pretty good and is easy to use on chicken, tastes nothing like any butter chicken I've ever had. It tastes more like a red enchilada sauce (yes, as in Mexican food!) with a little bit of Indian spices added in. The flavors are too strong, the texture is thicker and not as creamy, and the mild sweetness is missing."
I won't know how good it is until I need to use it and if things get as bad as we all think it may be a true God send Im glad I have it saved for that rainy day after every thing goes to shit in a hand basket U never know just in case thank you God Bless i will be getting much more as soon as I can. 60 servings of Freeze driedmeats Bucket 4-pounds ready to go
"I started eating this about a year ago after reading how healthy sea vegetables are for you. I add it to many different dishes.. the ones listed above, eggs, casseroles. For myself, I like the taste so use large pieces, but for those who don't care for the taste, I grind it into a powder using a coffee grinder, and then add it to the dish. That way the nutrition is there without the taste. I also like this company's kombu."
i bought this and im from egypt i had it delivered by a friend from the us. but unfortunately i didnt find an expiry date on it and i tried them it is terrible and very old and most probably expired becuase i tasted it its not even food!! don't ever buy any wilton food products online! this is fraud and im very far away i cant even return them! i will never buy any wilton product again! shame on them
"my cats love this cat food, but 9 of the 24 cans were crushed.. the amazon box was not crushed.. the carton the cans came in was not crushed.. the cans inside were crushed.. i think this was a manufacturing problem.. not an amazon problem. i tossed the 9 cans.. did not want to take a chance with contamination. inspect the entire carton when you receive it.. i waited til 10 days. i think it is too late to claim a problem."
"I'm used to using Blair's 2am (<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006I8YBS"">Blair's 2.am. Reserve - Limited Edition, 50 ml</a>) which is purported to be 650,000-900,000 Scoville, slightly weaker than the Ghost pepper. I tried a toothpick of this...and then ended up pouring it on everything, since it has nearly no heat to it. It carries a heat that I would compare to Tabasco, but with an excellent taste that seems to go with everything. I'm quite disappointed by the heat, but quite impressed with the flavor."
"I alternate between buying this and Newman's Own brand cat food. I appreciate that the primary ingredients in Wellness are actually meat rather than filler like ""Chicken Meal"" or other ingredients that are not as good for cats. I have one cat who eats anything and another that is very picky -- both love this food. However, I have never fed either of them especially junky foods so they may just not know what they are missing."
"OK, so he's actually a Rottweiler Shar-Pei mix. He's 100 pounds of happy dog. This package came with 7 sticks. He loves them and I gave him one a day. He normally has a digestion problem, stopping to eat grass almost each time I walk him. I can honestly say that while he still stops to chew grass when I walk him, it's only a nibble here and there whereas previously, he'd ""graze"" like a cow. I'm ordering more."
"Some of my family are vegetarians but the rest are die-hard meat eaters. This is one product that the whole family will eat. We like it as burgers but we LOVE it as meatloaf and meatballs in spaghetti. We like that it keeps a good texture even when simmered in sauce. I love that it has the texture and 'bite' that hamburger has. As an extra bonus, I'm on Weight Watchers and it's low in points!"
"My three cats thought this product was delicious! But it seems so expensive. Is it really better-tasting than a regular can of tuna? I put the cats through several taste tests, and all them seemed to feel that tuna is tuna. They had no clear preference. So save your money and skip this fancy stuff. Besides, it comes in 3 long strips and it's hard to get it out of the bag, making it more of a mealtime food than an anytime treat."
"I grew up w/ a mom who ONLY bought this brand, and it's the only brand I buy too. It's the best mayo there is. It makes great chicken, tuna, and egg salad. Never any weird taste in it that is NOT mayonaise. Yes, it is fattening, but the good thing is that it only takes a bit on a sandwich to make it taste great. I always spread it really thin and it is wonderful."
Good coffee and its a fair trade product so you can feel extra great inhaling the scent and complex yet simple flavors yet knowing you've helped the earth and the people on it a bit in your small way. Each drop of rain causes a ripple in a lake. One step at a time if we each do one thing like even falling for this easy to use organic coffee that will softly delight your tastebuds without overpowering them.
"First off, the shipping was great, and Fondarific tastes wonderful. It is also much cheaper than Satin Ice (my personal fave). For some reason I had a lot of trouble with it sticking, and not rolling out properly. This may have been operator error on my part. I have decorated about 30 cakes with fondant, and I have tried Wilton, Satin Ice, and fondarific. I would rate fondarific a tie with Satin Ice on taste, but wouldn't use it to cover a cake again."
"This dog food has healthy ingredients and it agrees with my female Havanese. She is doing well on it and has firm stools - which has not always been the case with some other dry foods I tried, including Wellness small breed. The only drawback I can see is that she doesn't seem to love the taste. She is somewhat finicky and occasionally skips a meal. I would give it 5 stars if the favor could be improved a little."
"The first time, I cooked these beans as instructed and the green beans (not sure what they are) did not cook. I was eating and thought there were pebbles in my salad. It depends on how you like your beans, but I do 20+ minutes simmering at low heat, and let it set 10-15 minutes. They're tasty enough, but after cooking, they look completely dull and not that appetizing. Other than looks, they make a great topper for salads."
"I got a big bottle of this, and ended up bringing it to work to let everyone else eat it for me. It just tastes too sweet for me. It is great on some things (I liked it on popcorn) but there are other hot sauces out there that have good heat without the sweet flavor. For someone that likes the sweet flavor, it would be a great hot sauce, but for me, I couldn't get past the sweetness."
"The package is so pretty I expected contents to be pleasing too. But it is very disappointing: plain, sweet, and tastes nothing like Pad Thai. With heavy doctoring it is edible. Once you've hauled out lime, chili, and fish sauce, you might as well skip the package and make real Pad Thai sauce. It gets two stars for motivating me to cook food and for not needing to throw away my dinner after cooking, but I will never buy it again."
"I got this item for my wife's 41st birthday. I also ordered a similar box offered through Amazon via Hometown Favorites.LLC. This box was smaller, contained a limited variety of items compared to the other, and the outside gave no indication of what was inside. Also, this box contained a moderate amount of black tissue ""filler."" There was no filler in the other box. In short, we were happy with the product, but there is a better alternative also available on Amazon."
"I admit, I am a starbucks Via addict. It is fast, convenient and now affordable. I used to buy this product at Costco, now I don't have to drive there to get it for the price. I do drink one or two daily so this will last me for about a month. The expiration date on this was March 2013, almost 9 months. I would order again. 5 stars for the cost and convenience! thanks starbucks and amazon!"
"This coffee smells great and has a nice pumpkin flavor to it (as advertised), but it brews very weak in a Keurig. I am not sure if it is just the roast of the bean or simply the pure quantity of grounds that were packaged in these specific k-cups, but I like my coffee stronger, with a bit more of a punch. This would be perfect and a bit more flavorful if it didn't taste as weak/watered down. :("
"I bought this for the price. I have been a fan of Godiva's Hot Cocoa (Dark and Milk) for about a year. While much better than those instant hot cocoa (Swiss Miss, Carnation etc) that are made with water - it leaves a slight aftertaste that I do not like. Also, it did not mix as easily (dissolve) as the Godiva did. I think it (like wine and food) is just a personal taste. Try both brands and see for yourself."
"The texture of this food is like cooled pea soup. It's not as stiff as some of the pate style foods and my cat likes it. All but the veggies that is. So she leaves not only the veggies, and there are a lot of them, but also a good bit of the chicken surrounding each veggy. This makes for more waste than I am willing to tolerate so I won't be buying any more Spot's Stew."
"I'd give it three and a half stars, couldn't decide between 3 and 4. I use a lot of nutritional yeast, mostly for popcorn flavoring. The taste of this one isn't my favorite. It is a rather strong taste, but I'm glad to have it for variety. Good value for the money. It is a dense powder. Most of them are light and flaky. This means I can keep a lot more in a small container at work."
"This jerky is the soft, chewy style. Though it is listed as Sweet'N'Spicy, it's quite a bit more sweet than spicy. I doubt even the most sensitive to spice would consider this spicy jerky. It's tasty, it doesn't have any nitrites, MSG, high fructose corn syrup or anything else that's terrible for you. It's also affordable. The only reason it didn't get five stars is that it's not an outstanding and amazing, one-of-a-kind flavor worthy of five stars."
"This stuff works well as a sweetener and is a great replacement for sugar, splenda, equal, etc. You will go through the bag fairly quickly as it's not quite as sweet as sugar. It gives off a little minty cooling effect as it's dissolving and a little of that taste remains. It can be distracting in certain beverages, enhance others, and be unnoticeable in others. For the most part though, it will sweeten without too many compromises."
"I don't even like coffee, but this is in a class by itself! There is no bitter aftertaste, and with the slightest sprinkle of chocolate creamer, it is going quickly to become my drink of choice! I can't imagine how good it will taste with a shot of liquor in it! I just wish we had more! (But we will soon...thanks Amazon!) No matter what Jamaican coffee you buy, make sure it is certified Blue Mountain Jamaican coffee, like this one is! :)"
"I've used Dreamfields lasanga before, so I know it's a great product. I bought a case of lasagna because I can't get it locally. It's cheaper to buy it through Amazon (free shipping) than direct from the company. I am disappointed that many pieces in each box are shattered-- usable, but not ideal. Maybe you'll have better luck. From my experience, I would guess that the lasagna and spaghetti would break more easily in transit than the shaped pastas (rotini, penne, and elbow)."
When I ordered this item it's exactly what I would expect it to be a natural herbal laxative. It does list the importance of shouldn't be taken if pregnant as it's also a very powerful laxative and may not be suitable for some other individuals with possible digestive issues too. I know this practicing herbal medicine for over 20yrs it's warnings are valid but it should be more classified as a colon aid then a diet aid. Better yet labeled truly as it is a laxative
"I prefer coconut water to Gatorade or other sports drinks for re-hydration; in addition to being natural, they are packed with electrolytes and their taste is no better, no worse. Zico, however, is form concentrate. Calling their product 'Pure Premium' seems very misleading when other products are actually pure and this one has been modified. If you're being frugal, this product works fine, but personally, I'd spare the extra few bucks and go with Vita Coco or One."
"My husband was excited to receive this box of Planter's Peanut Bars since they are hard to find around here. However, upon opening the box, we found that every single bar was broken into little pieces. The box itself was in great shape, I'm not sure how this even happened and it has me wondering if they are seconds or something. :( It just felt like an extra kick since they are so expensive ... The crumbs tasted good, though."
"I discovered Popchips when I was on a trip to Vegas. I doubted I could find them when I got home and I was almost right. I found a couple of stores that had them but only one flavor and the price was exhorbitant. I was thrilled to find them on Amazon. They are low fat, low calorie, and still delicious. The single serve bags are ideal for lunch or to throw in the car when on a short trip."
"<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000LKXRTK"">Westbrae Natural Vegetarian Organic Sweet Peas, Organic, Vegetarian, 15-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)</a> I ABSOLUTELY LOVE AND AM STILL ENJOYING THE WONDERFUL CANNED PEAS!! I LOVE THE TASTE AND THE GOOD SOLID BITES YOU EXPERIENCE WITH THE WONDERFUL WAY THEY HAVE BEEN PREPARED...THEY ARE SO SWEET AND LIKE MOST OF THE CANNED GOODS HAVE MINIMUM SALT ADDED. FOR SURE, THIS HAS BEEN MY FAVORITE CANNED PRODUCT TO DATE...AND THE CANS ARE PACKED TO THE RIM!!! MIMI GONULSEN, IA"
"We have a coffee maker that grinds whole beans as part of making the coffee. Eight O'clock brand is reasonably priced and makes a very refreshing, tasty cup when ground and brewed as part of the same process. My wife and I have also found that adding a small amount of ground coffee with chicory to the filter basket imparts an extremely interesting taste. We've been using this combination nearly two years and it has turned us against coffee not made by our coffee maker."
"My little dog loves Greenies chews! We were first introduced to this dental treat at our vet's office and seeing how much Toby loved them I decided to start buying them for him. Imagine how surprised I was finding out the price at the pet store! When I saw this fabulous deal on Amazon for 96 Greenies I was thrilled. This will be Toby's favorite present under the tree for certain. As always, great fast service and even greater buys through Amazon."
"It's got the typical Jif taste, which to me is unremarkable -- it's ... just peanut butter -- however, the single serve containers are convenient and transport well. The consistency is great -- it's not runny yet it's also not a solid hunk-a peanut butter with floating oil either. Good for dipping pretzels or celery/other veggies, and -- in the absence of a spreder -- you can just tear off the top and squuush the contents onto bread. The price is right."
I personally didnt like these ginger snaps at all; and only 1 person in my family of 4 liked these and that was my wife. These are not cookies that kids or teens will like. These are an acquired taste and few will enjoy them so not good guest treats either. They were incredibly harder and spicier than regular ginger snaps as well in my opinion. If you dont like hard or spicy cookies then this is definitely not recommended.
"I am on a gluten free diet and hoped these would be a welcome addition. The taste is nothing special, a little too chewy and dry, but for me the huge down-side was an awful skin reaction; hive-like itchy outbreak within 30-45 minutes of eating these. I do have some food allergies, but saw nothing on the label that concerned me. I will be working with my allergist to try to determine the problem. Meantime, I am not planning to touch these cookies again."
"We've always just gone with the regular pimiento stuffed olives and tried this on a whim. We like olives and we like chorizo. Combined, it was be good and it definitely was! Granted, you can't really discern the chorizo taste on its own but something about the combination of the two just makes it delicious. We eat it on its own or sliced up to top a salad or in recipes that calls for olives. Either way, it's good!"
"As a Starbucks gold card carrying coffee drinker, I was excited to finally see the arrival of Starbucks K-cups, but YUCK! These K-cups are VERY bitter. I am not sure I want to finish off the box I purchased. I still think their freshly ground coffee is excellent, but they missed the mark here. Maybe the grind is not right for the K-cup system yet? I am going back to my Nantucket Blend and Coffee House."
"The Ring Pops came in a container that looks like what was pictured, and each were individually wrapped as shown. The label was different, but that's fine as there's a disclaimer right above the product description about that. My Ring Pops came in good condition; they weren't in pieces and are as enjoyable as any other Ring Pop you may have had. The flavors I got were cherry, watermelon, blue raspberry, strawberry, berry blast, and twisted blue raspberry watermelon. Yours may vary."
"I'd give it three and a half stars, couldn't decide between 3 and 4. I use a lot of nutritional yeast, mostly for popcorn flavoring. The taste of this one isn't my favorite. It is a rather strong taste, but I'm glad to have it for variety. Good value for the money. It is a dense powder. Most of them are light and flaky. This means I can keep a lot more in a small container at work."
"I used this to make rocky candy as meth for a costume prop. I dressed as Hiesenburg from Breaking Bad. It does work, I used two drops, but you have to be careful. Because boiling sugar, corn syrup and hot water makes a yellowish color, adding too little, too much or stirring too much can change to a green color. Took me three tries (first Americolor Sky Blue, second McKormick Neon Blue and third Americolor Sky Blue again), but I got it eventually."
"I've eaten a few of these, and while they tasted interesting at first, I can't bite into one now without gagging. I'm not a vegetarian, but I was looking for some high-protein snacks so I picked these up. A vegetarian friend of mine tried one and instantly hated them, calling the taste ""disgusting"" and the texture ""too much like meat."" The taste is not something that grows on you and I can not recommend these to anyone, especially at this price."
"The description on this page as of 1/2/2010 state 100% natural honey but the ingredients actually say ""Honey & Sugar"" when I received the product. I can't comment on the taste because I basically had it returned because of the added sugar factor. Perhaps they need to improve their description on their products. I am basically rating the description versus the actual product with this review and to notify others that this isn't just honey but a honey and sugar combination."
"My dogs loved this treat. They would lick it and lick it. But after a couple of days my Corgi's which are very smart dogs, figured out how to get it out. Even after the treat was gone they would lick the plastic like crazy. There are new everlast locking treats out that are suppose to stop your dog from popping out the treat. I would try the locking system first since the balls are not cheap to replace."
"I loved the idea of these lollipops, since we have had some big problems with my 5-year old and tooth decay. She has a crown on one tooth, and the lollipop instantly stuck to the crown, with a very upset child! I used some water to extract the lollipop, but we will not be using these again. They may be suitable for kids without crowns, but I imagine they will still be very sticky to teeth."
This cream is more for normal to oily skin rather then dry/mature skin. It goes on nicely and gets absorbed quickly. It leaves a nice smooth feel on your skin like the more expensive creams do. However this cream has an overpowering sweet jasmine smell. The smell does not fade. People will only smell your face cream. This could be used as face cream/cheap perfume. I thought I can get used to the smell but it's too strong and rather unpleasent.
"Halo makes great products, my cats love them. They especially love the Liv-a-Littles White Meat Chicken Protein Treats. The only issue I have is that lately they seem to contain more pieces that are so hard I can't even break them apart. Obviously, if I can't break them, my 6 month old kittens don't stand a chance. I keep buying them because they are superior to everything else on the market (in my opinion), but given the cost, it does get a bit pricey."
"I've been feeding liver biscotti for years. I was looking for a healthy treat without additives for my epileptic dog (additives can be a seizure trigger) and liver biscotti filled the bill. The ingredients are top-quality. The bite-size bits are perfect for training and don't muck up your pockets. The bite-size portions also make it possible to give rewards without adding pounds, which is a problem with other treats. And for dogs with wheat and other sensitivities, there is an anti-allergenic recipe. Enthusiastically recommended!"
"Just ordered this and the plain coconut milk, I really like the Mango Zico not over sweet but just right and refreshing. As a diabetic have to be careful with my diet and read this is a very healthy for blood sugar control and has the many benefit's of coconut. A little pricey and small serving 11 oz. but is imported from Brazil so i can understand the cost. Hope Amazon put's this on sell will buy again....!"
"I've now sampled four different varieties of LaraBar, and here's my main take on the lemon ones: if you like lemon squares, this is your bar. The all-natural raw foods approach makes for a great snack bar - not over-sweetened, no sticky aftertaste, not too dry, and one bar was often the perfect mid-afternoon snack to carry me over until dinner - but the lemon flavor here is definitely not subtle. I still enjoyed the box, but prefer the cherry pie or banana cookie flavors."
"I love Kettle Brand Chips! I've been in love with the Honey Dijon for years and decided to try out their other flavors. Sea Salt & Vinegar Chips are TANGY, SOUR, and make my lips pucker when I eat too many at a time. I got 12 big bags for a steal from amazon ($11 WHAT?!?). Personally, the flavor is too much for me, but my mom & aunt LOVE them and they hate potato chips."
"If you have not experienced French Market Coffee & Chicory, you need to try this product. We use it in our single-serve machine with the use your own flavor attachment. French Market is not always available in our local area, so we were thrilled to find it available on Amazon. The convenience of having three cans shipped at once is also a plus. This product is rich, full-bodied and very pleasing.<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EPQN7E"">French Market Coffee & Chicory, Medium-Dark Roast, Creole Roast, 16-Ounce Cans (Pack of 3)</a>"
I purchased this gum because I always have a dry mouth due to medication I take. I was excited to try this gum out. My excitment was soon gone after trying out the first time I chewed it. While it does work so do other gums. I paid $3.00 a pack when I could have paid much less with store bought $1.00 (if even less) of regular good old fashion chewing gum. Don't waste your money!
"I bought these licorice wheels online after I failed to find them in local stores. I intended to use them to make the legs of brownie-bite spiders for a Halloween party. When the wheels arrived, however, they had become sticky/gummy during shipping. I was unable to cut and separate pieces of the wheels to decorate my baked goods. This product is good. The seller is good. But this product does not withstand shipping well. But locally if at all possible."
I wish I can give this a 0 star. I'm a tea lover who drinks tea everyday and this tea is by far the worst tea I have ever had. I thought I would give it a try to something new. Bummer! I brewed one and the smell reminded me of nasty cold syrup medicine. I could not stand the weird smell at all. Now I'm left with 19 teabags. It will probably just be stuck in my cabinet or I will throw it away.
"My Bichons love the food. And, the price cannot be beat. But, when I previously wrote about a can that came without a label, I never heard back. I have also had a problem with dented cans. Of course, if air gets into the cans, the food will not be safe to eat. Makes me wonder if they are selling ""seconds."" Would account for the great price. Would have liked to have heard back from them."
"My kids are allergic to so many food items it was hard to find a replacement for pasta. The rice pastas are sticky and the texture is wrong. This linguini is great! If you follow the directions on the box and don't overcook, this is a perfect substitute. I will rinse it with cold water to stop the cooking process exactly. I can even serve it to their non allergic friends and they like it too!"
"Two of the most important factors when considering a powder additive to water for me is TASTE and CONSISTENCY. This Acai Pomegranate powder dissolved quickly and easily into my cold water AND had a great taste. I dislike drinking plain water, but know that it's good for you, so this is a great alternative for me. Adding the goodness of these two great fruits is a plus and as I said, it is good tasting, too!"
I've been buying this formula for 3 months and my daughter likes it more than the other brands we tried before. But today opening one of the cans from the latest delivery by amazon I found three brown hairs in the powder! This makes me very concerned about the quality control of this product. And I wonder whether I should continue using it. If it were not for this incident I would have rated this formula as 5*.
"Pamela's all purpose mix is exactly what the gluten free folk out there need. It's like using regular white flour in almost everything. Every time I make a cookie, muffin, pancake, baked good, white sauce, etc it always turns out amazing! I have been using this product for at least 16 years. I only went gluten free about 2 years ago, but I used Pamela's products before going GF because I liked the taste of them!"
"Tried the jackpot.... very good quality.. found the portion smaller than if I had I poured my own helping of Quaker Oats from the tub...maybe that is why I'm over weight! The disapointment was no price break to my local coffee shop where I purchased the different flavors to experiment... Very good quality though... I am willing to pay for quality but if I take the retailer out of the equation, I expect a bigger price break at amazon..."
This is a good choice for a K-Cup if you like a bold rich cup of coffee. I ordered this brand for 3-4 months because it was the best tasting bold K-Cup I found. I am giving it three stars because the last few shipments were not that great. It left both me and my husband with a weird metallic taste after one cup. I ordered Martinson's bold K-Cups about a month ago and loved it! I probably will not buy this brand again.
"Well, I fell for it too! This is the biggest scam I have ever seen. Are people aware that Penn State couldn't find anything special about Mr. Trivedi? Are people also aware that several of the endorsements that he claims are not true and he has been contacted to remove those endorsements. It's good tasting water, but not at $39.00 for 24 which works out to $1.63 per bottle. I am going back to my Crystal Geyser water that costs me 11 CENTS PER BOTTLE."
I usually drink Twinnings earl grey. I opted to try something new and i love bergamont so i figured DOUBLE BERGAMONT would be amazing. Well this tea smells amazing but it is very very weak. I have to use 2 teabags vs 1 twinnings tea bag and seep it for 7+ min in order to get the equal flavor i would get from twinnings. I wish this tea was stronger in flavor not just in smell.
"This Zico product taste very nice as discrib but the only thing let this product down in my eyes is the packing. the packing is very sloppy. from the top where company put white whole for pour there is the seal between white plastic and blue cover, from there water is coming out actually it leaked little bit in my box too. so thats not good at all I checked my all 6 container and all have same problem all are leaking from same place."
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"These inexpensive little rewards for dogs seem to be a good quality and very palatable. I've had problems pleasing my dogs as far as tasty treats, some snacks are just completely ignored. I've had no problem with my dog accepting these snacks and actually they consume it eagerly and quick, so it passes the taste test. Sergean't's is an established and trusted name in pet care products and this is a fine product your dog will probably love."
"I love mocha coffee. *love it*. I've tried *a lot* of different kinds. This is one of the best I've ever had. Keep in mind this is different than the fake, artificially flavored stuff you are probably used to drinking. It took me a while to adjust. In fact, I really didn't enjoy the first cup all that much. By day 3, I never wanted to drink my other brands ever again. So, it gets my two thumbs up. Its definitely worth a try."
"My three doggies enjoy this food. I love that it has a sturdy 'ziplock' opener at the top I hope that all dog foods do this in the future. It has crunchy and moist textures and unique shapes. It seems to have good ingredients to help maintain a dog's health such as highly digestible egg which helps muscle, crunchy corn and wholesome oatmeal packs energy, iron for healthy blood and calcium for strong bones and teeth."
I bought a 3 pack shortly before I bought my new waffle iron. With both items being new I was open to experimentation. The mix in my opinion is 4 stars only after you add milk not water and eat it with butter and syrup. Adding so little water makes the batter really thick and the water really brings out the malt. Skip the water add a generous amount of milk and only then will you have a tasty breakfast.
"I can make my cats do the silliest things to get these. I like to put cardboard boxes around the living room and toss treats into them at random. The cats will leap into the boxes, gobble the treat and then leap out waiting to hear where the next one will go. It's pretty dang entertaining. They sure don't do this for anything else. Something about these treats drives the cats crazy and I love it."
"When I saw the Spicy Thai chips, I knew i had to try them. I love spicy and I love Thai food, so why not? First off, these chips are not super spicy. They actually taste sort of sweet at first, with many degrees of flavor. The spiciness is more of a lingering taste that bites afterwards. I'd say these are definitely a good, unique chip. But if you absolutely hate sweet chips, I'd try a different flavor since these are a little sweet."
"This reminded me of Toffee Crisp -- but gone wrong. This is a very weird chocolate bar that I did not enjoy. None of the flavors are wrong. It's just that I did not enjoy how it felt in my mouth. Inside of the Decker's chocolate sheath is a layer of a chocolate marshmallow-like fluff, and some hard cereal mixed with chocolate creme. I found that these do not match. It's an odd mix. I feel like I'm eating somewhat tasty poo."
"Our cats are definitely tempted by Temptations! I was delighted to find that Temptations had come out in a ""Greenie"" dentable form. All five of our kitties love them and they are like ""crack"" for cats. The Whiskas Temptations line of treats are a favorite among our felines. Love to see my cats run around and chase these things! Stuffed delights for them! Cats love 'em and they are supposed to provide good dental hygiene for them."
I tried these on a whim several weeks ago to offset the amount of chocolate I had eaten that week. It was nice and sweet for a few weeks with that first box. But then I tried it again this week and the aftertaste was so strong. The overall texture and layout of each piece is like Fruit Loops but with tons of honey add and less fruit or frosting. One box should be more than enough.
"I like these noodles. They do not have the texture of pasta, but I grew up in Japan often eating osoba with these type of noodles, so it was very familiar. They also taste good with marina sauce and cheese. However, my body is not fooled by them. Less than an hour after eating a package, I'm hungry again. I tried having two packages at once, and I still get hungry. So they're a nice treat, but not helpful in trying to control my calorie intake."
"I bought this dog toy in the smaller size, with great anticipation of finally having something that my 1/2 Yorkie-1/2 Shih Tzu wouldn't chew up and destroy in one afternoon. From that standpoint, I would say the toy was a success, because it actually took him about 24 hours to eat the ends out of the toy, nab the treat disk and be done with it. &lt;sigh> I'm still on the hunt for SOMETHING that Buddy can't destroy. This, unfortunately, was not it."
"I gave my two cats a can to test to see if they would like it. Well it failed. When I saw that the ingredients had gravy, I assumed that it would have gravy. But in case you're wondering, it's more of a pate type wet food. My cats absolutely love wet food with lots of gravy and I think they ate more of the dry food than the wet. Go figure... Can anyone recommend a healthy wet food with lots of gravy?"
"This tea product got me running alright, to the crapper. But it did help loose about 10 lbs, mostly compacted fecal matter. I also feel more energized and feeling alot better. Before taking this product my best friend was a couple of cups of black coffee but since taking this for the last month my craving for coffee and sweets has subsided, however i now have to bulk up on toilet paper. Great product great buy!"
"There is no better pectin around! I've used Certo, Sure-Jell, even Pomona's (which is the messiest, least user-friendly product ever) and MCP is the only one worth my time! It makes no sense that it's always so unavailable. Walmart used to sell it here in Vegas, but even they have stopped carrying it. I either have to get my mom in California to buy me some or purchase it online--the price and the convenience of purchasing it on Amazon.com is far superior!"
"These are very crunchy and tasty. I have truly enjoyed munching on them. I was disappointed in the size of the bags, just 1/2 oz but I suppose I should have been aware of that. I would hope the company would soon make available larger bags of these cheese products. I want to try the other flavors but not sure I want to buy all those tiny bags. Thanks for the product, consider giving us larger amounts of the product. Thanks --- MM"
"There are to things I really like to snack on and that's, Jerky and Spicy Stuff. Believe it or not, these beef stick's have a little spice to them(not a lingering spicy).The reason I gave these a 3 of 5 STARS, is because I make my own Beef and Deer Jerky and although these Jalapeno and Cheese are something different and tasty, they come nowhere close to my awsome homemade jerky made from steak, not ground beef part's such as (beefheart)."
"My daughter loved this soup, but I was disappointed to discover that Earth's Best uses a resin liner on their canned foods that contains BPA - a toxic chemical for children. While the company says the levels are low and within acceptale government standards, BPA is known to leech even more into acidic products like diced tomatoes, or tomato soup. So, until Earth's Best moves to glass jars, we'll have to refrain from eating this yummy soup."
"I just tried these for the first time last night...and wow, what a product! The lime and chili combination for these almonds is AMAZING. The flavor is INTENSE, powerful and oh, so delicious!! I am going to buy a bunch more of these to snack on, and I have to say, I will be snacking on THESE almonds for a long time to come. And seriously - I'm salivating while I write this!! I'm going to go eat some right now!"
"I got this with subscribe and save for $21 and saved a ton. I paid almost 4 dollars for a 6oz bag at publix, so the numbers dont lie. The only thing I will say is that I prefer the dried fruits that are a little more chewy. These pineapples aren't soft but they aren't nearly as chewy as the publix ones. I cant say that this is a downside, its just my personal preference. Either way I give 4 stars for the price and taste."
"I use dehydrated beans for both backpack camping and for my emergency rations (living in California, I think of it as preparation for the supposedly-overdue ""Big One""). I've tried several vegi-beans and the reason I like these is because they're so mild, they can be spiced the way each person likes. I used to buy spicy beans but it wasn't spicy enough for me, while others wanted them less salty/spicy. Now I can take these beans and my super hot sauce and everybody's happy."
"I bought a single Brussel's Money Tree a few months back and it arrived in good shape and I was happy with it. I ordered 2 more to give as gifts and they arrived crushed and close to being dead. Attention to detail in packing the delicate items was not there. I got a much larger, healthier, and less expensive plant at Lowe's Home Improvement. If you order one of these it is a toss of the dice. Good luck!"
"I bought this after seeing one of my favorite cookie decorators use it and honestly I was less than impressed. Not only does it clump and get everywhere (worse than pearl dust) it isn't edible. (Yeah, it can be used on cookies, cakes, fondant and gumpaste but it honestly shouldn't be eaten.) I doubt it would kill you to eat it but it seems no different than the glitter you buy in the craft department. I will stick to pearl and luster dusts."
"scooby snacks and fruit gushers are my favorite two fruit snacks. the greens and blues are so awesome, my roomate and i go through these a box at a time. the vitamin c will help your immune system, and they contain no fat. sugar content could be a concern for some but not me. these also contain a minor amount of pectin, a common ingredient in throat lozenges; somewhat helpful combined with the vitamin c if you've got a cold/sore throat."
"Even though this coffee comes up when you search for K-cups, these are not K-cups. They are single coffee pods and they do not even work in a Keurig coffee maker. This product is misleading and taste horrible. The only two items Amazon list under K-cups, available for Subscribe & Save subscription, are instant coffee (yuk) and coffee pods that don't work in the Keurig. Please Amazon, list a K-cup product that is worth purchasing."
"I found the taste and strength of this coffee just right for it to gain the honor of one of my ""go-to"" coffees for my Keurig. Not too strong or bitter, I rather enjoy the flavor. Sadly with the recent ""K-cup coup"" staged by Green Mountain Coffees, it looks like Amazon isn't carrying the Wolfgang Puck coffees any longer and my Subscribe and Save (and my business) will need to go elsewhere. Definitely give this coffee a shot if you can."
"I enjoyed the Pumpkin Spice version of this same product, but I was far less impressed with this Peppermint Mocha. My wife, who loves all things minty and chocolate flavored, didn't even like it. Simply put, its too bland. Its sweet, sure, but there's not much peppermint and not much mocha. It goes okay (but not great) in coffee, but in water I just felt like I was drinking hot sugar water. The Pumpkin Spice stuff is great, but don't bother with this."
"I started taking this tea because ive had a health concern for a while. and I researched and they said this tea is good for that particular issue im dealing with. The taste is actually really good. Im not a tea drinker. but I went from coffee drinker to tea drinker, I got 6 boxes i think, im working on my third box, I drink 2-4 cups daily, I feel it is working for me steadily, and it does make me feel better every day."
"This contains Soy, I wish It was mentioned in the details. Soy has many negative side effects, and its linked to a similiar to estrogen hormones which isnt good for men. ~PROS~ -Tastes Great -10g Protein -All natural -Gluten/Wheat Free -Low Glycemic Index(45) -3g FIBER -Non GMO, No transfats -Dairy/Cholesterol free ~Cons~ Contains Soy Crisp (Soy protein isolate, Tapicoa Starch) And Soy lecithin. Soy protein isolate is horrible Do a google search"
"To be honest, I did not get the Utz pretzels, Special Sourdough I ordered. I got some type of pretzel that was totally not what I ordered. I was really, really disappointed because I was going to have these pretzels at work. I figured it was going to be too expensive to send them back so I kept them. I am not going to order anything like this again in the future because I was so disppointed."
"Beaux and Ozzie smelled it coming through the door. Oh, what's that? Food!! Then when I opened the bag and poured it out, they gave me the meanest look. They wouldn't touch it. I mixed with some off the shelf dry food. No Joy!. Finally ended dousing it with some chicken broth. That got their attention. Risk Reward decisions were quickly calculated and they ate. Must do this now every time until the bag is gone. $3.00/lb down the drain."
"Originally I bought this product as something new to try from Whole Foods. Once I used it for tacos I had to buy more. Unfortunately, my local store didn't have more on their shelf so I bought a pack of 12 thru amazon. This is my new favorite seasoning for tacos. It's slightly sweet and has just the right amount of chipotle peppers. I use El Pato jalapeno salsa in place of tomato sauce for an extra kick. YUM!"
"I've been living and riding in Florida for 6 years and came across Sport Beans as a great alternative to PowerBars, Gels, Blocks and Gu's a few years or so ago. They are great. Not a ton of energy - only 70 - 100 calories per pack, but they restore some electrolytes and they don't make a mess of your pockets or fuel packs. Sport Beans hold up in the heat of summer and that is a great thing!!"
"I've been enjoying BTT for 50 years-since I was a little kid! Loved Vanilla and Banana best! Great stuff-frig and smash!!! Just got some in Los Angeles last year, and Guess What! It Tastes like PLASTIC!!! Excuse me!!! Plastic tastes WAY better! So...if I want the Real Deal, I'll enjoy Charleston Chew which is...a million times better and more Natural than your Plastic!!! Wretched!!! Congrats on ruining a memory! You and Broadway Strawberry Rolls-ABsolute Crap!!!!!!! REAL Crap!!!!! iRa"
"This is a phenomenal moisturizer! I've never been able to use face cream too often because the oils in them would make me break out. However, not wanting to look 70 years when I'm in my 30s I knew I had to find something that worked for me or my face was going to look like a prune. I got this product a few days ago and I've used it daily since then and haven't had a breakout. I am thrilled!"
"These noodles are excellent. Be aware that they are not Fried Ramen... these are much healthier. This one was a little basic for me right out of the package, but when i have a craving for noodles, I always make them my own when I cook. I added fresh ginger, tofu, broccoli and soy and these were excellent. I am going to try the mushroom next as they seem to be the ones people give the best review for."
"I ordered this tea for a change and, indeed, it is! The tea is much stronger and not as smooth as I am accustomed to drinking. It takes barely a few seconds to steep before turning bitterly strong. I like the concept of the triangle bags but they have torn and leaked out tea a few times. It is a bargain tea and good for those who enjoy a strong, robust flavor...just a little too much for my tastes."
"I'm very disappointed this this product. The coffee taste bland. I'm surprised Godiva collaborated with such a poor product. Had I known that this is a Senseo product I would never have bought it. The flavor isn't rich even when I brew the 7 oz cups. There a slightly sour after taste. All in all, its a great deal for the money. But if you're into coffee, its probably not something you would want to put yourself through."
"Amazon's suggestion for a 4 star review is ""I like it."" That being said, I gave a 5 star review to the Spicy Thai chips. These chips are perfect for people that enjoy a spicy chip, but whose taste buds don't appreciate the added sweetness and ginger flavor. The only thing I REALLY dislike about these chips (along with the rest of the flavors) is that the serving size is HALF the bag. Really? Who can eat half and save the rest for later??? Not me..."
"I rate this 4 stars only because the chocolate flavor isn't as flavorful as it could be. The chocolate could be more distinct. That said, the PB2 product is wonderful. The regular PB2 peanut butter is definitely a 5 star treat. Quick and easy to mix and it blends well without clumping or lumping. I've been using this product for the two years I've been on Weight Watchers and I don't miss regular peanut butter at all."
"Supposed to be for cleaning their teeth - right... well - that would assume they held up to some for of chewing... our little Border TERRIER (not Collie) ""eats"" one of these in about 5 minutes... too fast to be of any use to the teeth and almost too fast to cause concern in the digestive tract. Bummer too because these are supposed to be great for pups teeth... just an agressive chewer defeats Greenie... that's all."
"This sampler box was purchased with another sampler box of the Tea Forte tea as a gift for Christmas 2011. The gift was a hit, as in conjunction with the rest of the gift, the recipient of the gift is enjoying the using of the gifts that have lasted for over two months, and there's still plenty of the gift left to try. Talk about the gift lasting longer than the wrapping paper. All in all, one of the best recieved and used gifts from Christmas."
"I just received my shipment and could hardly wait to try this product. We love &quot;slickers&quot; which is what we call them, instead of stickers because they can be removed so easily. My daughter designed signs to be printed in reverse to use on her car windows. They printed beautifully (we have 'The Print Shop' program). I am going to have a lot of fun with this product because there are windows everywhere and other surfaces like tv screens and computer monitors."
"I have one cup a day and it really decreases my night sweats. I'm in amazement at how much it helps! The taste isn't great, but I don't think it's as bad as some other reviews have said. If you're concerned about the taste, you can use some sage from your spice cabinet and make a cup. It tastes pretty much the same, but it didn't seem cost effective to use the sage you buy in the spice aisle."
Good coffee and its a fair trade product so you can feel extra great inhaling the scent and complex yet simple flavors yet knowing you've helped the earth and the people on it a bit in your small way. Each drop of rain causes a ripple in a lake. One step at a time if we each do one thing like even falling for this easy to use organic coffee that will softly delight your tastebuds without overpowering them.
"I love the other Nana's cookie bars and cookies, so I thought I'd give these a try even though they are ""No Gluten"" and made with rice flour instead of wheat flour. They look nice, but the texture is a bit strange (it's kind of like eating really fine sand) and they are too dry and crumble at the slightest touch. They don't taste bad, which is a plus, but I won't be buying these again."
"I picked up a bag of these in NYC and ate them on the train home. I liked the flavor a lot, and the fact that they have less guilt in them than other options like potato chips. When I got home, I could not find these in CT, so I bought a case on Amazon. I have shared several of the bags with friends and everyone loves them. I highly recommend these chips (if you must have chips, that is!!!)"
"My daughter loves her Jammy Sammy Snacks, and they arent too bad for her which makes me feel better about giving them to her; however they are a little procey for what you get. My daughter is 2.5 and always asks for these as a snack, the only con I see is that they contain nuts so she cant take them to a lot of the places that now ban peanuts (havent seen a soy not alternative). But, it is definitley a favorite at home."
"Always trying to give holistic, natural healthy treats to our dogs, but this product has the words ""Made in China"" in tiny letters. Our dog became ill. Vet suspected poisoning, tested for and found that the liver was failing. At autopsy, poisoning was verified. 4 other dogs were also sickened by this product. Be very careful. Trust treats made in China and you are taking a huge risk that no one wants to take with their beloved pet."
"Just got my mustache lollipop in and am anything but pleased. First of all, the picture clearly shows TWO mustache lollipops in its package. What just arrived is not only just ONE lollipop (for which I would have never paid 5 bucks), but also is it thrown into some clear bag labelled ""Ready to Ship"" and not at all in the funny packaging shown in the above picture. As you can tell, I am very unsatisfied with this product. One star for trying to fool people."
"I purchased the Wood Smoked flavor. The reviewers who said that these are too salty were right. They tastes like sticks of salts. If you nibble on them very slowly, then they tastes ok as the salts disolve slowly. If you take a big bite, then it would be like biting into a chunk of salt. I love the texture and the stringiness of this beef jerky but I would not buy it again because of the high sodium content."
I wish it had more oomph to it. I wish I just ordered the 4 pack instead of 6. Maybe there's better tasting decaf pods out there. This one doesn't have a rich aroma. But it's not bad tasting. Just a regular cup of joe that taste as good a regular coffee and makes me forget that I'm drinking decaf. I guess it's okay. But I like to swoon over my coffee and this one doesn't do that for me.
"I was hesitant to order 6 boxes of this item, as we had never tried it, but I was really happy with my purchase. This is a hearty and delicious meal that is super fast to prepare. It has a creamy but slightly chewy texture, and a really nice tang to it. We add onion and chopped veggie crumbles to it for a very filling meal. We liked it so much, that I plan to buy more, and to try other offerings by the same brand."
I'm new at this Glutten free diet so I ordered the Cornbread and muffin mix thinking that it was probably not going to be that good but I made the Cranberry Orange muffin recipe on the side of the package and I was pleasantely suprised at how good they taste. I even used Splenda instead of sugar and they turned out ok. I think I will increase the cranberries to a cup the next time I make them.
"I was such a fan of the old formula and would stock up and buy boxes at a time. I have a heavy work and travel schedule and this was the perfect bar for eating ""healthy on the go."" Now the calorie and fat content is much higher and the taste has changed for the worse! I wish the company would go back to the original formula....I am on the hunt for another bar! Such a shame...it was the best bar on the market!"
"Purchased this soda as it was sugar free and made from a renewable natural resource, stevia. Very disappointed in the taste of the soda. It was not sweet at all, the the ginger taste was weak to my taste buds. The price is also very high compared to store purchased soda such as Seagrams or Canada Dry diet ginger ale. I actually prefer the taste of the Canada Dry diet ginger ale to this product, and thus I will not be purchasing this again."
"Part of Dove's new men's skincare line, Dove Men + Care's Clean Comfort Body Wash lives up to its no-nonsense name. The creamy, blue gel has a light, fresh fragrance that goes a long way in the lather department. More importantly, it rinses off cleanly without leaving any oily residue behind, but doesn't leave the skin feeling too dry, either. Best of all, the subtle residual scent left behind smells clean without being cloying, meaning it won't do battle with your cologne."
"I was really liking this nut bag. I used it about 10 times, but the other day i was making some brazil nut milk and i saw some pulp in the bowl and realized that one of the seams had busted. So, it lasted about 2 months. Maybe get something sturdier than this if you want it to last longer than 2 months. Now i have the hassle of getting another one shipped. Sigh."
"We tried this rice and liked it a lot, but didn't realize how good it really is until it was gone and we cooked a batch of organic basmati rice from the food coop. The Rice Select rice has wonderful taste and firm texture. The local rice that we cooked tonight was mushy and tasted terrible. I tried a bite and didn't eat any more. I've been spoiled and will have to be sure to always order in time so we never run out again."
"I am very picky about my tea. I tried hundreds and hundreds of teas, and Ahmad is one of the best. It's not too strong and have just a little touch of earl grey. The price on Amazon is very cheap. The same tea sells in our local European Food store for $9.40 per box. Amazon delivered 6 boxes for $19.50. You can't beat that. I am so glad I ordered and will never run out of my favorite tea"
"Only reason this gets 4 stars instead of 5 is the one with the little meatballs gets the 5. Boil the pasta, stick it on a plate, dump the sauce on it, nuke for 1 to 2 minutes, pour on the grated cheese and maybe nuke a Garlic toast, maybe not, then have at it. Hey, I work 10 to 12 hours a day 7 days a week, I ain't in to much cookin when I get home so don't knock it."
"...This jerky tastes just like how my brother described them: sugary bacon. I was really hoping the jerky'd have a savory taste, with a not so overbearing flavor, since I hate other commercial, store-brand jerkies. But, honestly, this doesn't taste good. At all... I'm ashamed I even bought this jerky. Skip this flavor and try the BBQ or Pepper flavor. If original tastes like sugary bacon, I shudder when I think about how the terriyaki might taste like..."
"To be honest I don't know why these are so hard to find in stores! DD loves these! She started eating them around 9mo and she's 15mo now and still loves them! They're something different and yummy. Sure, sometimes the pieces look plain creepy because the eyes are triangles and sometimes the faces are broken. But they're made of pretty good stuff and is a good crunchy cracker that also melts nicely in little mouths! Most of the time I eat some too :)"
"I mainly bought this because my son has fairly bad ADHD and I wanted to try more natural routes before things like medication. I am not sure it helps him that much at all, but I know it does help me calm down enough to get sleep when I remember to take it. Which is good, because my insomnia was driving me absolutely nuts! I have to get more 100% cranberry juice, because I prefer this mixed in with juice than I do with water."
"I was looking for a mellow green tea that I could drink on a daily basis either hot or cold. This one fits the bill. It is neither bitter or grassy tasting like a lot of other green teas that I've tried. I balked at buying a 6 pack, but now I'm glad I did since I'm down to the the last box and have not seen this blend at my grocery with the other Stash teas."
"These snacks are very good for a healthy snack or dessert. They are not as sweet as Rice Krispy marshmallow treats, but they are made with brown rice and without all the other bad ingredients; and they sort of fit the diet my doctor has me on. I have to watch my blood sugar so I only eat these occasionally; but they are far better than the 'souped up' sugary goo snacks that are commonplace --- and easier on your blood sugar."
"I have been trying to find a good brand of jerky that I don't have to order online. I finally tried Jack Link's original. Way too sweet, doesn't taste like meat, and most of the pieces don't have the texture of meat. At times, I thought I was eating plastic. Or some soy meat-substitute. I couldn't even make it through the whole bag. I miss the original Pemmican..., before ConAgra sold the brand and it got ruined..."
"Amazon's suggestion for a 4 star review is ""I like it."" That being said, I gave a 5 star review to the Spicy Thai chips. These chips are perfect for people that enjoy a spicy chip, but whose taste buds don't appreciate the added sweetness and ginger flavor. The only thing I REALLY dislike about these chips (along with the rest of the flavors) is that the serving size is HALF the bag. Really? Who can eat half and save the rest for later??? Not me..."
"I have eaten this product every day for lunch for several years now and I really like it, first of all for it's low sodium content (75 mg), I have found no comparable product anywhere close to that, I also like it's organic attributes, protein content and it's taste, although I am not a garlic lover and wish they would greatly reduce or eliminate it entirely. I try to disguise the garlic taste with turmeric and flax seed oil, which works pretty good."
"Cytomax is a good recovery drink that doesn't have as much sugar as Gatorade. I like the fact that it reduces the lactic acid build up. I ran the San Francisco marathon and they gave out Cytomax. After the marathon, I was not as sore as I usually am the day after. I think it was due to the Cytomax. The bottled form is better than the powdered form. The tropical fruit flavor taste like punch."
"I love the taste of pop-chips but, I think it is a little too salty. The manufacturer for some reason decided that it looked,tasted too healthy and decided to add extra salt to appeal to a broad audience. I think they woul've been better served keeping the salt content low. I would recommend the barbecue flavor which doesn't suffer from the same problem. the worst I think is the sour-cream (or something like that) flavor. This one is ok."
I place order on 25 June 12 . But this snack expire on 18 sep 12. I order about 200-300 bottle of Gerber Graduate! I got only 2 mounth and a bit left for this flavor!!!!!!!!!!!! Poor!!!!!! Why you do with your royal costumer like this. I pay you a lot every mounth! Bad sale. If it almost expire just keep it away or send it to the bin. Don't give it to me. Waste of money!
"I admit, I like my French Vanilla coffee to be heavy on the vanilla side. This isn't. It's a much stronger coffee brew, meaning more sugar and creamer is needed to tone down the coffee flavor. On the other hand, it's a reasonable alternative if my preferred brand (Van Houtte) isn't on sale or when it's occasionally out of stock. I like that it comes in a 2-pack because our family goes through a lot of k-cups and I don't have to order quite so often."
"I like <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0018CEABE"">Canidae Dry Dog Food, Chicken Meal and Rice Formula, 5 Pound Bag</a> more than this flavor, and I suspect my pooch does too. We have similar tastes, is what I'm trying to say. The beef and fish meal gives her the worst fish breath imaginable. I don't know if the food causes her to want to try giving me face kisses more than normal, but every time she gets near me after eating this her breath is like a shotgun of stank."
"Must have been bad luck. The yeast packet was bad/inactive. The bread did not bake correctly. It was just a partially stirred mess at the bottom of the baking pan in the bread machine. (I've seen this happen before. I don't think I can blame Hodgson Mill. Please comment if you know more about this phenomenon?) I tasted some of the quasi-baked bread and could tell that it would have been generally a good loaf - not a great bread, but decent."
"Awesome stuff..we love it! Bought a box of it..and cant get enough. Doesnt ruin the taste of most foods in fact enhances it...no we are not getting paid by Franks. Just love it and always will. Price is not exorbitant either. Put if on eggs, we do! Love it on tacos, chicken...mix with your sauces, and perfect in your BBQ sauces. Ive even added it to my coffee cocoa drink..and just a couple drops gives it a great spicy kick in the winter!"
Stronger almond taste than original has and I prefer the original. I am not sure how they make this stuff but it is so much better than almond milk use to be (use to be thin watery and strong almond flavor--which you expect because it's almond milk) I can use the original in cooking with no almond flavor interference (used in biscuits yesterday) Probably wont reorder the vanilla but the aseptic containers are nice to keep on the shelf for when you run out.
"it seemed to have more caffeen than usual if that's even possiable.. aNd has a weird smell that everyone else could smell, but I could not. I thought it had less of the wonderful foldgers coffee... like before you use it when you just opened the tub of the stuff. THats a big this I missed with this coffee... however I do like the decafinated hazel nut pretty well... but this is not the best coffee i've ever had... douncan donuts is better :-/"
"Even though this is 95% chicken, it looks like cat food (ground up texture) and smells like stinky canned chicken. It's a very strong smell! My dogs go NUTS for this, though (1 Labrador and 2 Boston Terriers). I just add a couple spoonfuls as a topper to their dry food, so one can lasts awhile. I probably will try something less smelly next time but I like the quality of the ingredients and like the Wellness brand."
"I have been a raw foodist for a few months now. I rather liked the taste of these bars, and I applaud the company for making nutritious food so convenient. However, I was disappointed that the cocoa is processed with alkali. This processing destroys most of the flavonols, which is what all the health studies that are based on raw cocoa rave about. If they used real quality beans that didn't need this processing, I would give this product 5 stars."
"I love this salt on popcorn, and veggies. A few things to know, when you first receive it don't be put off by the intensity of the smell, even with the jar closed you can smell it,.....this will eventually cease and stay within the confines of the jar. You only need a small amount to really add the flavor to your favorite foods. I would recommend it to anyone that likes truffles and salt. A winning combination for sure."
"Butterscotch is not my favorite flavor, because I associate it mainly with cheap candies. I was really hoping this matcha would be more like the fresh butterscotch syrup you put on ice cream sundaes, and I was right! The flavor is so smooth and perfectly butterscotch-y. And not at all like cheap candy. No, this is rich decadent creamy sweet gooey butterscotch. The matcha base keeps it from being too heavy and sickly-sweet, it's the perfect balance of health and decadence."
I thought this was like tuna fish but it is not. It is just like the taller cans of salmon with bones in it just a shorter version. The salmon is good if you can get pass the bones. What I do is de-bone seven cans at a time and freeze them because it is a headache to have to de-bone a can each and every time. Since this works for me I will continue to buy this product.
"Based on reviews for this coffee and others that said the Nestles brand instant coffee made for the European market were far better than instants made for the U.S. market I purchased a jar of this expensive coffee. Result: to me it tasted like ordinary instant coffee. NO BETTER. I wasted a lot of money on this stuff. Mine was labelled in a foreign language, but I recognized the word ""Ankora"" (Turkey) on the label. My advice is don't waste your money."
"Lickety Stik lickable pet treat from PetSafe are a hit at my house. My dog gets excitement every time I pulled it out. It seems to be as good as a a moist treat without the sticky mess. A tidy rollerball dispenses all-natural liquid goodness --my dog just lap it up! All-natural flavors, naturally preserved Only 1 calorie in every 10 licks Over 500 licks per bottle No mess roller-ball Great for training Conveniently fits in your pocket"
"I got it last night, and was excited. Just wanted to make some crystals, now first I boiled the alum in the water on the stove, that created a goo-y substance that was pretty fun. Didn't work for what I needed it for but it was entertaining, then I desolved it in hot water off the stove, much better (But not the cool goo-y thingie). Excited to see the Crystals I can get out of this stuff. Thank you!"
"Whole peas may seem appetizing to a human but to cats, they're junk food. Cats get all their nutrition by eating the whole animal. Cats have hard time digesting plant matter. This is closer to dog food than cat food since dog's physiology will allow digestion of many plant based food itms. My cats ate about half of the yellow goo around the peas and carrots. If you want a true holistic approach for cats, veggies gotta go."
"I have to admit, these K-Cups make an out of this world cup of coffee. However, in my most recent shipment, I have had more than a dozen of these cups clog and send coffee grounds everywhere. I am thoroughly displeased and am looking for Amazon, or Timothy's, to make it right. The quality of the coffee is second to none, but the quality of the manufacturing in this last batch was horrible, thus the ""2 stars."""
"I cook one package with 4 1/2 cups of water, 4 chicken bullion cubes and a tablespoon of butter; bring it to a boil, and then simmer for about 70 minutes. It's perfect! And it works great in a hearty soupl Lots of flavor, and good for you. And the subscribe and save price and convenience can't be beat. <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G82L62"">Lundberg Wild Blend, Gourmet Blend of Wild and Whole Grain Brown Rice, 16-Ounce Bags (Pack of 6)</a>"
"It says ""Pack of 2"" in the text and photo. Yet they sent me one can. They added a comment in the receipt: ""price is for ONE canister,"" as if they could change their minds after I placed my order. I've inquired and will report back what happens. If they send me another can, I'll change this to five stars. But it would be insane to pay for $20 for one can of cocoa, when it's $12 retail."
"The proportion of peanuts to raisin/chew is too high for my taste buds. Each mouthful left a too salty (and I like salty snacks: tortilla chips over candy, Gatorade over soda - you get the idea..) and too peanuty impression that recalls finishing off the treat bag (after the elephants were done) at the end of a childhood visit to the zoo. Other than being eclipsed by the peanuts, the other flavors and and the bar's consistency was good."
"Ok, so only an 8.45 oz can..but, really, if you take the time to sip on it, it's really good and worth it! Having 100 calories per can, made with low fat milk..it's showing 19g of carbs and 18g of sugar. A nice ""treat"" for a summer drink. Has a nice smooth cocoa/coffee blend. Not bitter at all, but you get that ""expresso"" taste, clearly. I have bought Illy brand coffee before and this is rich and mellow like what I had bought, enjoy!"
"I try to choose healthy snacks when I have the option, and I was pleased to see this brand available in a variety pack. While these fruit snacks are easy to tote around and very good for you, the taste and texture missed the mark with me. All of the flavor varieties were a bit too tough and chewy. The green apple was tart enough to make my eyes water, but the other three flavors were fairly good."
"As others have stated, this product has recently undergone a reformulation. Sugar has increased from 2g to 7g, fiber has decreased by 2g, sodium has increased, potassium has decreased, and several other micronutrients are no longer listed (presumably removed?) or have decreased. Also, the serving size has increased by a few grams. Buyer beware, this product is not nearly as health as it once was due to this new ""tastes even better"" formulation and Kellogg's has lost me as a customer because of this change."
"This is an edit so I was unable to change my star rating. At first I was happy with this canned cat food until the trouble began. It has caused severe diarrhea in both of my cats who were eating it. Now I'm in the process of trying to get things back on track. As anyone who has been in this situation knows, the negative impacts of the situation affect the entire household, not just the poor cats who are suffering from it."
"These little cheese crisps taste like toasted cheese. My favourite part of making anything with melted cheese is the little bits that get brown and crunchy - and that's what these taste like. They are low in carbs and anyone who is on a low carb diet knows that once in a while you crave a crunchy snack. They are salty, but I don't eat anything else that is high in sodium so I figure a 2 oz bag isn't going to hurt me."
"This is not bad, it's good on a salad, and decent as a veggie dip as well. It's very tangy, and nice in it's own way but does not taste like a normal full fat ranch dressing. It's on par with other low fat or light dressings I have tried, but with 0 calories. I like to add a little cracked black pepper to mine. I may buy this again, but I prefer their Caesar dressing."
"I'm a big fan of these snacks and have been giving them to my Lab for over a year. They smell awesome and I must admit that I have personally tried a few of the flavors. They do smell better than they taste, but they are not half bad. They are quite healthy and priced well. I dropped a star since these are not my dog's favorite treats. He likes them well enough, but doesn't go crazy for them."
I am always looking for tasty snacks that are in the 100 calorie range and these do not disappoint. The serving size is huge and I LOVE the taste. I've tried all the flavors and my favorite is the sea salt -- the honey BBQ are pretty good too. I ordered a case of these and have them everywhere as I am always on the road and love snacks. I don't think you will be disappointed.
"I bought these for my two year old who has many food allergies. I bought these, hoping that he would like them and stop sneaking the other kids cheerios, but he seems to prefer the cheerios over these. He has wheat, peanut, dairy, egg, soy, and oat allergies. The taste is ok. Not bad. I didn't notice any aftertaste, so that's good. They are a good quick snack for the car. He tends to like corn flakes over these though."
"Lipton Tea & Honey, Decaffeinated Iced Green Tea Mix, Strawberry Acai is a iced tea mix that comes in packets that you add to a bottle of water. Easy and convenient for on the go. It has a strong strawberry flavor but it leaves a a strong aftertaste that I didn't like. It's supposed to be sweetened with honey, made from real tea leaves and real fruit flavors but I didn't taste the honey and it wasn't that sweet, kind of a bitter taste."
"I love Hunt's diced tomatoes in tomato sauce, so when I saw that they now had a Fire Roasted tomato I was psyched! Unfortunately, it wasn't everything I hoped for. I think sun dried tomatoes (or in this case ""fire roasted"") are best left to the small glass jars seen on shelves next to pearl onions and jalapenos. I honestly don't think I will be buying these again, unless they are on a REALLY good sale. Otherwise, I'll stick to the normal Hunt's Diced tomatoes."
"These clams are packaged with no additional sodium. I like them but you have to add salt to suit your taste. The clams are small and some are a little bit sandy. All things considered, I like the clams. I use them primarily to make white clam sauce. Recipe: 1 can clams drained 1/2 cup white wine 1 bottle clam juice spices: basil, oregano, thyme, red pepper flakes, white pepper, salt Romano cheese pasta of your choice"
"This product will never win any culinary awards, but it does deserve something for convenience. Because it needs no refrigeration, I can keep a small supply of these in my desk drawer at the office and pop one in the microwave if I am working late and get hungry. It may not be the healthiest diet, but its a lot better than the junk in the vending machine. I would give it 3-stars for taste, 5-stars for convenience."
"Cashew Crunch is my favorite of Mrs. May's. I like the texture of the cashew. It's not as hard as the almond, which tends to get stuck in my teeth. I love the flavor, cashewy, sweet, and a little salty. Super tasty! I also like to portion size. It's just right. The packaging is easy to open, which I particularly value. The pouches fit easily in my purse for a great snack at work. I highly recommend this product."
"As promised, a very flavorful authentic bay area sourdough starter. As with all sourdoughs, it is pretty slow rising and requires some fore planning if you want it for a specific meal, but well worth the effort. We activated the culture then split it and froze a part of it, eventually we suspect that the local yeast and bacteria will contaminate this non native (to our area) culture and it will become diluted, so we'll be able to restart it and restore the flavor."
We had Easter Baskets shipped to my parents home so the kids would have a basket on vacation. I could not believe my eyes when I saw how tiny they were and how very little they contained. This particular one was $99 for heaven's sake! I thought it would be packed to the gills with Easter items. I could not have been any more disappointed & I would NEVER order a basket from here again. Ever.
"We love this product! Our baby is 6 months old and we're introducing new foods to her. So far she has tried the pumpkin, and she can't get enough!!! She grabs for the spoon! We love that this product is organic and that use can use breastmilk to mix so your baby gets added nutrients. It's portable, compact, and you can take it anywhere. If at a restaurant or away from home, simply warm up your milk and combine. It's really fantastic!"
"We decided to venture out from beef jerky and tried the other Oberto products. This one is too sweet for me for a savory product. Also, there were pieces of jerky that were rather tough. On the other hand, the Oberto Southern Style BBQ Pork Jerky is one of my favorites. It has a great meaty taste and all of the pork pieces were tender. Unfortunately, the pork jerky is not available on Amazon and other sites anymore."
"I tried this tea as my introduction to Rooibos. I was very excited after hearing of the benefits of rooibos. To my dissapointment I thought this tea was disgusting! Luckily, I didn't give up and tried other brands (Numi and Yogi are great) of rooibos and they were all fantastic. This tea has a stale vanilla taste that completely covers up the natural flavor of rooibos. Stay away from this tea. Plain rooibos without added flavors is perfect on it's own."
"I've bought these at the local supermarket and enjoyed them although they are so salty that a few leave my tongue and roof of my mouth burning. Keeps you from eating too many! Occasionally I get really stale items from Amazon.com and this was one. Unedible. Beware of the quality of food items on this website that are on special as they can be very close to due dates or in this case, not expired but stale and unedible just the same."
"Of all the K-Cup flavors that are out there, and there are many very good ones, this is one of my least favorites, and I have tried almost all of them. Not much flavor to this one, even if you add various types of creamers. Of course, it is all a matter of taste, but this one doesn't taste all that good. It is not bad - it is just kind of there - like a generic coffee. Try something else instead."
"...Amazon fell off the service wagon on this one...the listing indicates that you're buying SIX boxes of the tea...what I received the last THREE times I ordered it, however, was only ONE box of tea...and this was despite the packing list clearly indicating that there should be SIX boxes in the shipment...customer service refunded my money but COULDN'T FIX THE PROBLEM...amazing!!...anyway, the tea is great and deserves five stars...Amazon's service is pathetic and should get less than one."
"This is exactly what I needed. I use a lot of almond flavoring, & this bottle-size is great for me. It is real almond extract and not imitation, which is something that I didn't care about before. After using this extract, I probably can't use imitation flavoring anymore. This extract gives the perfect Almond taste and that little bite that I like to taste in my recipes. I will be ordering this as long as it is available."
"As part of the Vine Voice program, I received a canister of these nuts. I love cashews...that said, Emerald Sea Salt and Pepper Cashews are greasy and too salty and have no discernible cashew flavor, as those ingredients overpower the flavor of cashew. I would not purchase this product, as it contains sugar and maltodextrin. By the author of the award winning book, Harmonious Environment: Beautify, Detoxify and Energize Your Life, Your Home and Your Planet"
"I have been a beef jerky fan for many years and have tried so many different brands. In the past year I have started making my own due to the prices of beef jerky at most supermarkets. This is one of the best beef jerky's I have had. The consistency is great as is the flavor. Not as sweet as I thought it would be, but still excellent. Sweet but still has some spice notes. I will definitely buy it again!"
"We really enjoy Bold and Extra Bold Coffee so I bought a box of Crazy Cups Dark Roast Keurig Cups which has several different brands/kinds of dark roast coffee. Jet Fuel is by far the least tasty of the brews. The coffee was on the weak side for a Bold Blend, but had a burnt aftertaste. This coffee is not for those who enjoy a really rich, bold taste. So far, Dark Magic has been our favorite of the varieties in the box."
"I like the taste and the satiation factor of the product. The protein, calorie and fat ratios are near ideal. And, did I mention convenience; convenient? I've ordered these on the timely delivery program. Also, I like the lack of greasiness feel to them. I keep them stored in my freezer to ward off any mold problem that I've seen claimed (I do appreciate those comments for giving me a ""heads up""). These are a great product that I recommend."
This brand of quinoa tasted very green/unripened. I added chicken and mixed veggies and a partial packet of condensed chicken stock but the taste of the quinoa was too strong. I've had quinoa lots of times but it never tasted like this. It might work okay if you dumped it in a big pot of home made soup but I'd be concerned of ruining it. I won't be buying it again and I'm not really sure what to do with the rest of the shipment.
"Upon receipt of this product, it had a two month expiration date. It should be at least six months because it is a food item. If you are going to advertise a food product for resale you should inform the customer of the expiration date upfront and they can decide if they want to pay such a high shipping rate for a product that might expire before being used up. There are a lot of small churches with less than thirty members. Disappointed"
"This is very good tuna and I've purchased from them previously, but this time they get only 1 star as 16 of the 24 cans were dented, some looking as if they were beaten with a hammer. They were delivered via FedEx and the outer packaging itself is not damaged, so I can only surmise they packed up a bunch of dented cans not caring whether their customers get decent product or garbage. For $50, I don't want to have 2/3 of it away..."
"Usually I get these from Wallgreens where they come in smaller packages and are very well sealed and very fresh. The product gets a four star vote because of that minus the one for the freshness. I recently purchased these again from the drug store and I have lowered my rating for this item accordingly. The freshness is very important. From the drug store they get a 5 star, so it is not the product but the seller that matters."
"I love this product. Found it first at my local BevMo! but couldn't find it there when I ran out, so I bought it here. The only complaint I have about this product is that it tends to clump a little in the shaker and gets hard to get out of the container sometimes. I fix this by sticking something in the pouring hole and trying to break up the clumps (a barbeque skewer works well here). Anyway, great flavor, great product."
"I started ordering these cases a few months ago and had to cancel after my cats threw up on two different occasions after eating this food... One of my cats NEVER EVER throws up and threw up from this-- and the only two cats who threw up were the ones who ate this! So I'm 99% sure it was from the food. Since it happened again a couple of weeks later, I decided I better stop ordering this food. Sure enough, no throwing up anymore."
"We recently purchased the Great Northern Popcorn machines for our 3 facilities as a way to reward our employees. Now, when we periodically bring out the popper and let the aromas from this wonderful popcorn move through our halls, the word gets out and in no time at all employees are stopping by for their bag of this wonderful popcorn. We have not received one complaint about the popcorn yet. It is fresh, seasoned just right and is a winner as an employee satisfaction booster!!"
"The product description says, ""Includes 2 packs of 16 servings each!"" but this is absolutely not true. You get 2 packs of 8 servings each. I would not have bought this version of the product if it had been labeled correctly, because it costs significantly more than the truthfully labeled 2 packs of 8 servings each. I am going to ask Amazon to make up the price difference, or allow me to return it for no charge."
"I absolutely bleed this tea! I enjoy the balance between the bergamot and citrus (I take mine with plenty of milk and a single sugar). I really drink alot of different earl greys and while this one tends to offer some subtlety in terms of traditional boldness, when compared to other rich black teas, it offers a little something that the others don't. Perhaps thats what makes it so enjoyable, but I find the infused citrus essence simply delicious."
"BUT I should have thoroughly gone through the ingredients before I purchased them not after. I wasn't happy. Too much grain and other stuff, including chemically sounding things that I didn't like the sounds of. I won't buy these again. Mea culpa, I didn't read the package until three days and three half-bones later. He defintely likes them but I've got to be responsible about what he eats because I want him to be around for a long time."
I received this product and eagerly offered the dog the first biscuit out of the box. She stepped back and walked away without hesitating. I smelled the biscuit and it had a rancid peanut butter smell to it. I checked the other 9 in the box and they all smelled the same...bad. What a shame since we had purchased these previously and the dog enjoyed them. I won't be purchasing anymore online and will stay with the local pet store for fresh treats.
"These things are great - I discovered them at Whole Foods and now I can get them even cheaper here at Amazon with quick shipping to boot. These are great for traveling, hiking/outdoors stuff, and to bring to work for a snack. They don't need to be refrigerated, and they're vegan as well! They're made of wheat gluten, which is very high protein. I like the thai peanut flavor the best - I've tried BBQ and teriyaki and I don't like them as much."
I WAS VERY UPSET AS I THOUGHT THIS WAS GONNA MATCH THE PICTURE WHEN I ORDERED FOR MY DAUGHTER'S BIRTHDAY PARTY BUT THE PIC SHOWS A NECKLACE AND A BRACELET BUT ALL I GOT AND PAID FOR WAS THE NECKLACES VERY UPSETTING AS I WAS EXCITED TO GET BOTH IN A SET FOR FAVORS. DON'T GO BY HER PICS AND SHE WON'T TAKE BACK THE CANDY CUZ ITS PERISHABLE SO I'M STUCK WITH SOMETHING OTHER THEN WHAT I WANTED :(
"At first the dogs were confused and the golden terrified. But once they sniffed it and figured out how to lick it, they loved it. I think it smells awful, nothing like bacon. But the dogs appreciated it. It is a great way to give the dogs a treat without all the calories. One calorie to every ten licks. Just be sure to store it out of reach. I can see my basset counter surfing, grabbing it, and chewing it all up."
"i was waiting for this and although it took a while to happen, i was glad to finally see flavored coffee pods. some pre-flavored varieties taste fake and were sometimes oily from the flavoring added to them. these are just the opposite. tastes quite ""real"" with no funny chemical after taste. they taste natural and clean and are a welcome addition. not that anyone could ever get bored of regular coffee, but this product ads some nice variety!"
"Tried one and it was horrible. My son is 11 months old and have been eating cereals for a while (mix of Earth's Best and Gerber organic). This is the first one that he doesn't like. When I first opened the can, it smells like green apple candy. However, the taste does not have any apple flavor, or even ""grain-flavor"" like the other cereals but a little weird/chemical tasting; not exactly sure how to describe it. Back to Gerber & EB for my son..."
"at first I tasted it was looking for somekind of explanation why it didn't knock my socks off like it usually does .. the black tea taste is a bit stronger and the herbal taste is a bit weaker... I noticed it's ''made in China"" I can't say if it was made in China before but it really doesn't taste the same ... still O K but for the higher price,it's not worth it for OK tea.."
"I was really looking forward to having a way to toss a few pouches of brine-less olives in my purse for a non sugary snack on the go. I am SOOO disappointed in the texture and flavor of these olives; mushy and gummy in the mouth and like gasoline on the tongue -- yuck. I was very happy with amazon customer service, they gave me a refund. Maybe olives are stored in brine for a reason."
"Had this been labeled ""green tea with a touch of pomegranate and raspberry essence"" I might have rated this higher. However, the name is pomegranate raspberry and I therefore expected those vary flavors. The overall taste is mild and muddled. I except a greater sweetness. The tea's second ingredient, chamomile, has a distinctive presence. While I didn't find the flavor to be unpleasant, there is nothing about it that would make me reach for it over one of my other teas."
"Typical port kit makes 3 gallons, not 6 as the description suggests. Wrong labels came in one of my boxes (I bought 2). Can't attest as to the final product as I just opened the boxes and started ferment today. Easy directions. Must smells good. I'll update in a year when I'm ready to sample it! 2 stars off because of description and wrong labels. Will add stars when I can tell if the kit results are good."
"So it's very handy to be able to order it online. These are yummy little mints, sugar-free, and yet full of flavor. I like the wintergreen too, but the cinnamon are my favorite. They're strong, but not hot. A whole lot of flavor and breath freshening in a teeny mint. And because they're small, you don't have to monitor intake like with other sugar-free mints, where the sugar alcohols can cause GI side effects if you eat more than 2 or 3."
"Please do the research before choosing a formula. When my daughter was first born I used Earth's Best. Not being able to breastfeed I wanted to ensure she was getting the best formula possible. Imagine my surprise and horror after discovering the methods they use to extract this supposed healthy DHA and ARA. Hexane is highly toxic. It's a gimmick used to move product. Once I switched I knew I made the right choice, and my daughter did much better with this on top of it."
"My 60-lb lab mix loved this bone (the large size)! I like that it doesn't leave a nasty mess all over the floor and didn't give Hobbes any gas or stool problems. But I bought it thinking that it would last awhile, since its large and feels hard, but he finished it in 5 minutes flat. Not very cost effective, since they are pretty expensive and don't last long, but I will reiterate that my dog absolutely loved it."
"They shipped 6 business days (8 real days) after my order. And the arrival date exceeded Amazon's max. estimate by 3 business days. It seems from their feedback page that they have been late many times but ppl are happy about the quality of tea. I can understand that, but I guess the online stores I've been using are just too good. Also it doesn't say anywhere on the product whether the flavor is natural or artificial."
"The flavor is robust and tangy, and the texture is very pleasing and moderately chewy - not enough to hurt your teeth, just enough to satisfy! Also, they're not salty-tasting at all. The ""jerky"" flavoring is moist enough to make a little mess on your fingertips, but you can suck it right off. :) I have bought these in single-serving sizes in our local grocery store as well. I buy them every week and carry them with me for emergency sustenance."
"I add 1 tablespoon to each dishwasher load. The citric acid keeps the mineral deposits in check and the glasses sparkling. Our city water is extremely hard, and the spinners in the dishwasher would get clogged with deposits. Not any longer! I also use it as a neutralizer when shampooing the rugs, but you have to rinse with water afterwards, or it stays a little sticky. I try to use simple solutions to keep the home clean. This is a safe way to clean."
"These pouches are the best thing since jarred baby food - they are just a little pricey for everyday use in my opinion. But, they are very easy and convenient to have on hand for traveling, restaurants, or picnics. We just let our baby suck the food out of the opening, we didn't even use a spoon so then you don't have a dirty spoon to carry home from the restaurant either. The product itself is super!"
"I love chives. They have a mild onion flavor. If you only want a very small amount then this price is reasonable. However, the price in parentheses of $0.71/oz is completely wrong. At this price if you bought an ounce it would cost more than $26. Since I use chives a lot I always buy an ounce or more. I was pleasantly surprised to find many other options on Amazon for freeze-dried chives that are very inexpensive."
"These are the usual Tootsie Roll candies. The mixture is the old fashioned chocolate flavor and some of the newer fruit flavors. They are all tasty but the mixture is heavily weighted towards the chocolate flavor. If that balance is good for you, this mixture is for you. If you prefer more of the fruit flavors, you may be disappointed by this assortment. In any event, this assortment should be a hit in most offices."
"When I saw the Spicy Thai chips, I knew i had to try them. I love spicy and I love Thai food, so why not? First off, these chips are not super spicy. They actually taste sort of sweet at first, with many degrees of flavor. The spiciness is more of a lingering taste that bites afterwards. I'd say these are definitely a good, unique chip. But if you absolutely hate sweet chips, I'd try a different flavor since these are a little sweet."
"My one star rating is for the price, not the product. This cereal is great, if a bit too crunchy-healthy for those not used to it. (the first time i ate it, I did not like it. But now I really like it). But the price here is absurd. Even at Whole Paycheck it's more than $1 less per box than it is here, and even less expensive at Target where you can get 2-packs for $5."
"Be aware that if you think you're going to get ""Green Mountain Coffee Roasters Gourmet Single Cup Milk Chocolate Hot Chocolate, 16 K-Cup box - (Pack of 2 boxes)"", you won't!!! Liquid Nation sends out Cafe Express Milk Chocolate Hot Chocolate and doesn't tell you they are going to substitute...then when you contact them about it, they tell you Green Mountain is being phased out and replaced with Cafe Express ... and they don't care if you're unhappy about the switch!"
"This is not gourmet coffee. No single cup coffee maker is. But this IS serviceable, quick coffee. Which is why I get it. For what it is, it's nice. It's also fairly cheap, and the subscribe and save option is very nice. I like the medium roast much better than either the breakfast or dark roast, as it seems to have a nicer flavor. If you have a senseo, this is the one I would recommend."
I love Larabars. These Jocalat are not my personal favorite but they are what you can get at a reasonable price through the subscription option. I just received a box dated November 2011 and checked them out since I had read that others found that batch to be stale. Mine are fine - or I am used to them stale as they taste the same as the last box. they are a bit drier than the regular Larabars.
"This is good loose leaf tea and the packaging makes this tea a very good purchase. There are three packages so while using one the other two stay fresh, the package has a zip lock thing to help preserve freshness and the bottome is fasioned so that it can stand up like in the picture. The tea itself is very good, but you must remember that this is Jasmine green tea... All in all I am happy with the purchase."
"This is so bad. I was trying to do a nice thing for my mother, by sharing this so-called ""liquid sunshine"" with her. Yikes. I took a swig, too. Thought I was going to die. I was under the (false) impression that this was made with natural ingredients. Since when is sucralose a natural additive? It is a synthetic sweetener that causes cancer and dementia in lab rats. It made our mouths taste absolutely dried out, and, soon after, my mom developed a bad headache. Awful!!!!!"
I usually drink Twinnings earl grey. I opted to try something new and i love bergamont so i figured DOUBLE BERGAMONT would be amazing. Well this tea smells amazing but it is very very weak. I have to use 2 teabags vs 1 twinnings tea bag and seep it for 7+ min in order to get the equal flavor i would get from twinnings. I wish this tea was stronger in flavor not just in smell.
"I selected these Slim Jim sticks to try because the Jack Links X-Sticks Bacon Cheddar flavor I usually buy was out of stock. The Slim Jims have a good flavor, but they are far more greasy, and their casing is tough, like eating wax paper. They are also a bit more ""dried out"" in consistency. I feel that all the Jack Links sticks I have tried are much better than the Slim Jims. X-Sticks are less dry, far less greasy, and more tender to chew."
"The flavor on these butter toffee k-cups is decadent, and the first few my husband and I drank were great. Now we've have 6-7 cups in a row in which the filter seems to malfunction, not allowing all the water to drain out, but LOTS of grounds. The result is a half-cup of coffee full of grounds and a Keurig to clean up. May just be a crummy box, but beware! (The Timothy's brand k-cups never give us this trouble.)"
"I have been fussing with these cups for over a year. They are one of the least expensive decaf. Kcups you can get. From my experience over a third of these cups have broken filters resulting in a ground filled undrinkable cup of coffee. I have found these cups have inconsistent amounts of coffee grounds, resulting in a brew that is too weak or too strong to drink. Economically priced decaf kcups are hard to come by but don't waste your$ on these."
"I had my first shipping error in many, many Amazon orders. I explained my time problem and they fixed it with a next day delivery, Kudos there. These blueberries are pretty sweet, very much like a raisin with a blueberry aftertaste. Like some raisins, you also have noticeable seeds. I think they are a bit pricey for the pleasure. I have yet to cook with them. If you are debating between the Traverse Bay blueberries and the cherries, I would recommend you go with the cherries."
"I read all the reviews on every hot chocolate k-cup on the market and decided to try this one first. Its not good. Even on the smallest cup setting it tastes watered down and there is a distinct ""plasticy"" taste. I think that this an inherent problem with all the k-cup hot chocolates. You just can't fit enough chocolate in the cup so that it doesn't taste watered down. I'm going to stick with making hot chocolate the old way."
"I liked the taste of these cookies and they reminded me of my childhood. However, these are packaged different. They are sealed in a plastic wrapper, not the wax type paper from a long time ago. I am guessing that this keeps the graham crackers fresh tasting for a long time. They were crispy and had a decent taste. My only complaint was that several of the packages were damaged and the crackers were crumbs."
"If you are looking for a BOLD k-cup, try the Coffee People ""black tiger"" or their ""french roast"" bold... they are about the closest thing to a cup of Starbucks that you can get in a k-cup. This is fine if you like Green Mountain, McDonalds, or Dunkin' Doughnuts coffee. It has a classic GM slight nutty/sweet taste that I am not overly fond of but it is okay for an evening cup or when you are in the mood for something lighter."
"One star is too much. I am a beef pho addict and am currently restricted to clear and full liquids. I had grown tired of chicken and beef broth, so I was somewhat thrilled when my husband spotted this product on our grocer's shelf. I had a feeling that it would not be as good as what I am accustomed to from my favorite Vietnamese restaurants, but in the interest of variety I gave it a try. It's dreadful. It's just wrong."
"Although the shipping was prompt and it was packed well (wasn't dried out), the Fukien tea tree I recieved was full of aphids, scale and mites. I sprayed it multiple times with insecticidal soap and wiped some of the leaves down individually. The leaves were also very dirty and mottled/testured. I would not recommend this to anyone and I wish I could get my money back but its more hassle than it is worth to ship it back."
"I'm a big fan of dark chocolate..But this bars weren't what I expected..The ingredients are healthy but they still need a little bit of sweetness in my opinion..May be some organic maple syrup or honey..My husband and I ate the banana ones..I'm still working on these ones..I got a whole box..I bought some chocolate mint,chocolate orange, coconut cream pie, apple pie and some other ones..They were delicious!! I just got one of each first..I'll probably order a variety pack from amazon!!"
"Definitely not a favorite of mine. They were dry and flavorless in my opinion. It does have that ""crispy"" texture but fails to deliver in the taste department. I guess some might appreciate these if you aren't into ""sweet"" chocolate. They aren't sweet but they are rich... so consider yourself warned. The taste is almost like the fake sugary sweet-n-low sort of taste but not overwhelming - just fake. Either way, not what I prefer and I'll try another bar."
"There's a lot to like with these bars. They're a lot healthier than some other bars out there and the company seems to be commited to quality food. In the end though this particular flavor just didn't do it for me. On the go I would likely reach for something that pleased my palate more. If I was intentionally looking for something healthy I would pack some of these away. On quality and composition I would rate them higher, but taste counts for something too..."
"After reading several reviews from people apparently on diets I now understand the high star rating because if you can't have the real thing something like this passes for good. These are bland, have a weird texture and aren't very good. I will be sending these to work with my husband so he can give them away. I ate a few from my first and only bag before throwing them in the pantry. They are low in calories and low in taste. Pass."
"I used this flour to make homemade egg noodles, and they were really gross! They smelled like vegetables and tasted even worse. I've made gluten-free noodles before with a white rice flour blend, and they turned out great. I recommend Whole Foods 365 brand or Gluten Free Pantry brand all purpose flours (1st ingredient white rice flour) for cooking and baking. Those blends look and feel more like white flour, and you usually can't even tell the products are gluten free."
"A box of these was included with my new Keurig system. I fear and detest weak coffee, but a 10oz serving of this is still strong, with a satisfying body to it. Another positive is that it's not sour, like I found the Kona to be, nor it is especially bitter. But, though I'm fine with dark or French-roasted coffees, the Newmans Own Special Blend tastes flat-out burnt to me. Next job is to try a sampler pack to find my perfect K-cup."
"So I opened up the box, placed the square pink thing in the middle. I open up the pantry and all of a sudden 4 moths flew out with the box still in my hand. I set it down inside the pantry and saw them go in....the 1st day i caught about 5. A week later I had about 15. I did see one or two go in and not get stuck though in the glue."
The Barley is good quality. IT was delievered as promised. I would suggest comparing price with super market barley. I bought this on a whim assuming it would be cheaper because it was in bulk. I was wrong. I can buy a quality product in the super market for .89/lb with no delievery charge. I do not have any complaints about the quality of the product or the way it is advertised. I am the only one to blame for not comparing prices.
The celery taste to these crackers are very strong and by that I mean you had better love celery a lot before you taste them. They don't taste bad its just merely the taste is way to strong but I had some expensive cheese to eat with them and the taste from the crackers overwhelmed the cheese. If you can bear that strong taste and after taste than you may wind up loving these crackers. Good but not for everybody.
"I ordered the 22 to 24 inch bone for my dog. It arrived quickly and was more like 36 to 40 inches which was nice. The dog really liked it. It costs a lot to ship so I would only go this route if you cant go to a store. (I am in Iraq) The company had great fast service, if they sell other things that ship cheaper than a 4 foot bone I will use them again."
"This is the first time I tried this yeast, and since I liked it, ordered another one. It is quite powdery and not flaky. It has a strong smell I'm not used to with yeast, but I like it nonetheless. We use it on popcorn and in soups and (as hippie as this sounds) put it on our fried tofu with soy sauce. I trust Twinlab and that is why I was willing to try it."
"As a celiac, I am always looking for tolerable and filling and easy to digest forms of gluten free fiber and protein. These are yummy (if you want them spicey, add some hot sauce to them after heating and after putting in your serving dish/bowl). Quick to fix; heat up in package so no pans to clean. Great for college kids as a meal on the run. Good to take to work, if your facility has a microwave."
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"I bought this instead of another brand because I read a review that the other brand was packaged in China. I am afraid of anything made in China because of quality concerns. This company is located in Norway, Iowa. I visited their website and was satisfied that they do value quality, organic standards, and fair trade. This product is good. A bit too powdery making it seem a bit too processed. Otherwise I would have given it five stars."
What can I say I went over to a friends house for supper and they fed me Enchilada's which I had never had one before. I liked them so much I asked them to give me the recipe so I need the sauce mix went to my favorite shopping on line store an sure enough Amazon had it. I ordered it and used it and will continue to order this product until I drop dead from eating too much Enchilada's.
"It was great to find that Amazon still made these great chocolatey wafers available. It is almost impossible to find at the local stores. It seems that Nabisco is doing away with many of our old favorites like these great chocolate wafers and crackermeal. The only wish I would have is if we could buy in smaller quantities at a time. There were a few boxes that were cracked into pieces rather than whole,however not affecting the great taste in any way."
"The title just about says it all. These crackers (crispbread, if you will) are light and airy and come in around 4 grams of carb each. I cut them into 8 pieces with a sharp knife and use them for dips, as well as ""conveyers"" for cheese and other goodies. They have become my favourite snack. Yes, they are bland, but I like the fact they pick up the flavour of what they are served with and don't overpower."
"The muffins were very good, BUT the streusel topping was WAY too crunchy and hard. The tiny, hard pieces were very hard on our dental work and my son's braces. One of the brackets may have even come loose, which would cause us some expense plus extend his treatment time. I will buy the mix again because we loved it and the kids are begging for it, but next time I will either throw out the streusel or make my own."
I bought these as a healthy alternative to all the treats my dogs eat. My dogs wouldn't eat them unless I put peanut butter on them. They are really good for your dogs and have very low calories which believe it or not is very important. Some treats out there are 500 or 600 calories a treat. I wouldn't purchase again becuase I found an alternative my dogs will eat that are the same calorie count as these.
"When I saw the Spicy Thai chips, I knew i had to try them. I love spicy and I love Thai food, so why not? First off, these chips are not super spicy. They actually taste sort of sweet at first, with many degrees of flavor. The spiciness is more of a lingering taste that bites afterwards. I'd say these are definitely a good, unique chip. But if you absolutely hate sweet chips, I'd try a different flavor since these are a little sweet."
"Slim Jims may taste ok but that's because they are so greasy. That's what helps the flavor. I can't figure out why anyone would like these as I can't seem to chew them to a point where I feel comfortable to swallow. It's like eating a really really tough piece of gristle meat. The amount of fat, cholesterol etc is also higher than beef jerky. I'd rather eat beef jerky than this stuff. At least I can chew the beef jerky."
"""ordered 2 products from this co. they stated they had one product and the other was out of stock i asked for the refund for the product that was out of stock because they stated that they did not know when they would get it in so i asked for a refund they have yet to give me i have been emailing them for days now almost a week with no response as to what they are going to do worst ever..."""
I was sent one bag of Texas Hold 'Ems instead of 12 that i ordered and paid for. I was charged $113.00 for one bag. The 11 bags that were later sent to me were horrible. The lamb treats were all broken into tiny tiny pieces in the bag. I have ordered this product from other companies and never had a problem. The lamb treats were a decent size fillet. I would not order from this company again.
"These were a staple for my gluten-free teenager until a few months ago when she started complaining that they tasted different, not in a good way. We found out that the company has moved to a new factory/producer and that the formula has changed in some ways. The flavor is not as fresh and tastes more like processed food. We are really disappointed and are hoping that the company can somehow find its way back to making really great bars."
"There was a huge internet blow up over these candy corn Oreos. I love candy corn so I had to try them. I have only two Targets in my area and both were sold out. Luckily, Amazon has them available. They have a slight taste of candy corn but not overwhelming. On the sweet side. Interesting. I really like the vanilla cookie taste, so I enjoyed them. My husband thought they were a bit too sweet for his tastes. More for me!"
"Bought this from Amazon Warehouse Deals, 4 boxes for $9 and change. Nowhere in the description did it say that the boxes I would receive would expire within 2 months of purchase (purchased Sept 2012, box expiration (or is it sell by?) says Nov 2012). Either way this is utterly disappointing and misleading. The organic Kashi I purchased at the grocery store in Sept 2012 does not expire until May 2013. Normally Amazon does a great job but this felt really underhanded."
"I have Crohn's disease and am trying manuka honey for this. I take handfulls of antibiotics daily and heard others are having good results with this honey, which would be a welcome replacement to the pills. It arrived undamaged, perfectly packaged, so I didn't have the issue some others had with shipping. The honey itself is very thick and has sort of an astringent taste, but it's good and will taste good incorporated into teas, food, etc."
"This product is wonderful!! Especially since it is lower in fat content than regualar mayonnaise and even low fat mayo made here in the USA. Tastes terrific, with a little tang, is lighter than mayo and pours easily from the container. Certainly makes a healthier, tastier ,and refreshing alternative to regular mayo. Highly recommend this and will buy this again especially at this lower price offered by Amazon. Some other on line sources have one bottle listed at way over $5.50!!"
"I haven't tried these and don't plan to. It's no wonder people say they grow on you and are addicting. They contain MSG in the ingredients! Plus three other kinds of hidden MSG! Duh! Not good! Wake up people. These aren't good for anyone, especially if you're concerned about your health. You'd do better to just eat cheese; melt it or burn it if you have to; you'd be way better off than eating the chemicals in these crackers!!!"
"My cats were having so many digestive issues with other dry cat food. Let's just say the kitty litter was a lot messier than I wanted to clean up. This food is healthier than the other stuff in the store, and I don't feel like a bad cat mom feeding them stuff. Plus unlike most dry cat food, i can smell it all ove the house. This has the scent stay in the bowl! Most importantly, my cats love it!"
"She loves these things, though I think they taste nasty! Hahaha. She actually learned how to ""chew"" with her gums on these, and no matter how picky she's being, I can pull these out and she'll eat. I know the carbs aren't the best thing for her, but at least I know it's organic and it's not a ""cheese puff"". Buying it on Amazon saved us money over the stores, where they are three dollars each (we did subscribe and save to get it for less)."
"I mainly bought this because my son has fairly bad ADHD and I wanted to try more natural routes before things like medication. I am not sure it helps him that much at all, but I know it does help me calm down enough to get sleep when I remember to take it. Which is good, because my insomnia was driving me absolutely nuts! I have to get more 100% cranberry juice, because I prefer this mixed in with juice than I do with water."
This is a copy of the email that I just sent to the avoderm company: You changed your formula for the vegetarian dog dry food a few months ago. The smell was completely different. After a few months my dogs developed MALNUTRITION! You should be deeply ashamed of your negligence. Vegetarian dog food must be of the highest quality and carefully monitored for it's value.. I will let all dog owners know of this horrible experience.
I love the regular style Pop Chips so when these were a Deal of the Day I grabbed a case of them. That was a mistake because these are gross. We had a party that weekend and put several flavors of this style of Pop Chip out and no one liked them. I have no idea what I'm going to do with all of them. I guess I'll take them to work because those people will snack on anything when it's free!
"We don't normally buy things like these, but I was able to get a really great deal on these. So we bought a case a took a chance. I'm glad we did. They actually do taste pretty darn good and they are the perfect serving size for one kid. We keep a box in the car for when we are out and about on extended periods of time. Quick, tasty snack and it's much better for you than drive thru!"
"Short review: Absolutely not odor-free! If (1) my puppy didn't love it so much and (2) if we didn't have a backyard where she could enjoy this, I would've rated it 1 star due to it smelling the exact same as bully sticks that don't call themselves odor-free. And yes, the label says ""Odor Free Bully Stick"". If you don't mind the smell of bully sticks, and you want something for your puppy to gnaw on that they will totally enjoy, definitely get this."
"There's nothing wrong with being ""mild and understated."" None of the tastes in this treat jump out at you but, instead, they're a good blend of several flavors and textures. My first impression was that I needed to get me a glass of milk since they're a tad dry, but not terribly so. I was expecting a cookie and these really aren't. They aren't as sweet as a cookie and that was a crowd-pleaser among my friends. They're a terrific, light snack, with an interesting taste."
"Not worth the money. The plant that I received is not even close to the pictures that are shown. There is no single trunk, it's just a bush. Bonsai's are supposed to look like trees but without a trunk there's not really anything I can do to remedy this... Rather disappointed, and I'm not sure if I can return it or not. What I have received makes me quite suspicious of the 5-star reviews that this product has also received."
"Got this k-cup in a selection that came with my new Keurig. I usually make the small, 6 oz. cup. The resulting brew was so bitter and acrid that is was undrinkable... not just bad. Thinking that I must have done something wrong I tried again.....this time making a 12 ouncer......absolutely no difference. It tasted distinctly burnt! I was very disappointed as I like strong coffee and, usually, Italian style roast is my favorite. I would give this one a pass......."
"I am not sure how to review tea, I don't know the vocabulary and I'm no expert but I have long been a fan of the Genmai Cha after marrying into a Japanese family. I prefer the loose product over the bags but for convenience I choose to try to the bags, I'm happy with it. If you are careful to not boil the water or let the tea steep too long it will not disappoint you."
"I absolutely loved corn bread and thought that I would have to stop eating it when I went gluten free. Then Pamela's came out with this super easy and versitile corn bread mix. I immmediately ordered a case having never tried it before because it was a Pamelas product and I have yet to find something I don't like of hers. Anyway, I would definate recommend that if you love corn bread because you will not be disappointed."
"I read some glowing reviews on blogs of these bars and decided to try this one as it was considered the ""best tasting"" by many. The outer chocolatre itself is good, but the ""caramel truffle"" had a quite unpleasant taste that I did not like at all. After two bites it ended in the garbage. Oh well... For now I'll stick to Lindt 85% Cacao bars which are cheap and meet my needs of a very low sugar chocolate treat."
"Very French, Very Roast is what I call it. Not quite the connoisseur yet but it's a Darker Roast where the bean is crunchy and brittle. The aroma and the flavor achieved by the Maillard reaction is Tres Francais (Pun Well intended) as Maillard my dear friends was French.) This little roasted bean gives rise to a huge stalk of Coffee; so use less than your typical breakfast blend to brew. For the price it's a steal compared to a Starbucks."
A local winery sold this pasta for quite a bit more than it is sold here for. I decided to try it.... Everyone in my family of five LOVED it... my 7 year old daughter and I argued over who got it for breakfast the next morning. It was that good. The best pasta I have ever had (I am 40 and love my pasta). It is better than any resturant's pasta..... I highly recommend it and am buying a case! :)
"I was excited to try this tea as I love both matcha green tea and chocolate. I do not like this product. I usually order my matcha from Matcha Source out of LA and I guess I have been spoiled because the quality of this green tea seems low and combined with the ""chocolate"" flavor is undrinkable to me. I will be using the rest of the bag in smoothies and hope it will drown out this awful taste."
"Wow, i am shocked to find clear plastic pieces in the jars. The other posters say they notified Earth's Best about this in August and they are still selling it without checking or recalling!! No more earth's best for my little guy. I am taking my business elsewhere and I am very sad that organic company is selling baby food with plastic and bpa in their jars. They gotta do better than this to get my business."
"My dogs love all the Dingo products so when I saw what looked to be a surplus ""pdq tray"" of six bags per tray under the product features I thought what a great deal! Unfortunately, it was only one bag :( It's too much trouble to send it back for a few bucks...but now I know better. I think the product feature description is very misleading. Guess I should have been able to figure it out if i had looked at the the shipping weight."
"Using a modified recipe for a wonderfully sweet and mildly hot mustard (Brown sugar, maple, additional mustard seeds) I prepare and jar, in decorated wire jars, mustards every year for 30-50 very tasty gifts for all my friends and family 'from the kitchen'. You've never tasted a mustard like it, can be used to croil or bar-b-que, or to salad dressings and sandwiches. The only mustard that works for me for the flavors I want and in the quantities I need is Colmans Mustard powder."
"My little Schipperke could hardly walk in the morning because her hips hurt so much. Even though she is only two, we worried that she would need surgery to get around. We started her on Happy Hips and in less than two weeks, she was a pup again... running around and enjoying life. And, she runs to the kitchen in the morning to beg for her ""treat"" because she loves the taste. What a great product. Thank you so much."
"I brought this today at Publix for only $6.95. GOOD: Nice presentation. Bright colors. NOT SO GOOD: A bit too sweet and too much almond flavoring added. I like marzipan that's not as sugary and grainy and that has a more natural almond flavor. Each piece is flat on the bottom with the colored frut details only decorating the top visible half of the ""fruit"". Don't get me wrong, I'm going to eat every piece, but I've had better."
"Since I am willing to try alot of new things. I thought that I would buy this product.. And since I do like hot cocoa, I bought 2 boxes.. WORST thing I could have done.. This is bland, with very little flavour. It also has a grainy texture near the bottom of the mug. Personally I will not buy this product again. I will stay with swiss miss or another hot cocoa brand for the Keurig K-Cup"
"These are delicious and very satisfying food bars; I keep them on hand for when I'm out and about. I have them shipped by Amazon's auto-ship to save extra cash. They are very good to have when it's time to eat but you have no time to get something good for you. These are also great for anyone on a raw food diet, and/or vegan. But they are yummy for anyone that can eat fruit and nuts! This flavor is one of our favorites!"
I have a difficult time finding BLUE products in our area. And when I do they frequently don't have exactly what I am looking for. So I was thrilled to find Amazon had several products available. How disappointing to receive the product and find that it was several months past the date stamped on the packaging. As a longtime Amazon shopper I was surprised...I have come to expect great delivery and quality product. I won't order the blue again from this source.
"I used this for a month, but not sure that it really helps me. When my baby started to burp up milk, I stopped using it to eliminate the cause. I have not gone back to using the fenugreek because I now have more milk than when I was taking the fenugreek. Hence, I am not sure whether this helps or not, but I would not discourage people from using it since many of my friends have used it with successful."
"This drink tasted okay. I liked the option of trying a strawberry-watermelon flavor, since they are both favorites of mine in the fruit family. But, it is so SWEET. As other reviewers have noted, there is a LOT of sugar in the drink, even though they push the fact there is no corn syrup. If I were going to drink my calories (which I tend to try not to do), I'd try to find a fruit drink with less calories."
"Gold Kili All Natural Instant Ginger & Lemon Beverage Mix is very good ! It smelled amazing when I opened the pkg & even more so when I added the water. It comes in a granulated form & smells very warm and spicey and its a nice rich brown color. It also tastes warm & spicey goin down... It tastes sweet so it doesn,t need sweetner . I really liked it. I think it would also make good iced tea."
The candy bar itself is one of my favorites. Has all the items that I would want in a bar except I would prefer dark chocolate to the milk chocolate. The packing was bad. It came with bottle of lotion. One end of the box was mashed making bars on the end mashed together. The lotion had leaked out an inch of lotion making a sticky mess. I didn't report it but was surprised this happened. A first for any item I ordered from amazon.
"Would have been a decent product, but I don't like my vitamins loaded with Red #40 Dye. Why oh why can't you create a product using natural red dyes? How about using one of these natural red dye replacements: ~Beets ~Red Pepper ~Red Sandal Wood ~Black/Purple carrots ~Elderberry ~Purple sweet potato ~Carmine/Cochineal Chemical-based dyes are not welcome in ""healthy"" vitamin drinks. When my mom said to take my vitamins, she didn't imagine they'd be colored like M&Ms."
"Although my kids prefer Pop Tarts, this is a healthy alternative. Believe it or not, the Apple without the frosting is pretty decent. There is cinnamon on the top of it which adds a bit of spice...I don't really like too much frosting on mine. The cherry pomengrante is the most preferred in my home. They don't last as long as opposed to the blueberry...Strawberry is delicious too. They travel pretty well too. Don't crumble too much..."
"Maybe I'm a purist of some sort, but really, cappuccino should be hot and in a proper cup, made fresh. I tried to give this the benefit of the doubt, to accept that Illy wants to offer capp in a can, but it just doesn't fly for me. It isn't bad, per se, it's just not very interesting. There was also the slightest hint of metal to the taste, a further turnoff. I'll stick to fresh made."
"I don't have any reason not to believe that this coffee is good for those reflux or acid sufferers. If you really have a serious problem and can't drink the stuff, try it. (I am a ""refluxer"", but not of the serious kind.) So, this coffee did not give me any heartburn or acid reflux. But in terms of quality (taste) it is no better nor worse than any Folgers or Taster's Choice. You should perhaps investigate whether the price justifies it."
"I never review products, good or bad, but this ""coffee"" is so bad I had to. This is not the typical k-cup coffee. This is an instant coffee similar to Nescafe or SB Via but tastes horrible. The sugar/splenda mix makes this way too sweet. Mixing it half and half with black coffee makes it drinkable. This is basically just adding hot water to instant coffee. There isn't a filter or coffee grounds in the cup."
"It really doesn't ""fit in"" anywhere. I can't imagine this processed stuff is going to be better for you than natural spices or peppers. Its kind of zippy but I felt there was a strange after taste. I can't describe as anything more than ""artificial"". It tastes ok and puts a little zip into an otherwise bland meal. I wouldn't go overboard with it. I prefer tabasco & natural peppers & spices to this. Your mileage may vary."
"Spicy food and peanut butter are staples of my diet so I had to try it. I love it. I can't rate it perfect - would take a half star off if I could - because my personal preference would be sweeter; it is much less sweet than most ""natural"" and certainly any Jif-type PB. That is 100% my personal preference, however, and I just make my standard PB and honey sandwich and it's perfect. I'd love to see them try a spicy chocolate PB!"
"My wife and I love this tea. She is a tea drinker, keeping all kinds of different teas in the house so she has what she wants when the mood strikes her. I love this tea in particular because of the warm wonderful feeling I get as it goes down. Mmmmmmmm. Our local store stopped carrying it so here I am on my old stand-by. Maybe I should just stay home and buy everything through Amazon. Try it with a bit of stevia powder."
"I only had one packet of this so am unable to evaluate it on it's health benefits. Truthfully, even if I had more I probably wouldn't be able to evaluate it properly because I doubt I would be willing to choke down any more of it. I can say it didn't affect my energy levels whatsoever. As far as the taste goes, it is absolutely disgusting and has a long lasting aftertaste to boot. Imagine bitter splenda and that about sums up the flavor..."
"I've been using this product for a couple years now--one packet each morning in my coffee. I've never experienced any of the digestive issues or tasted any kind of after taste with it. The packets are convenient and easy to carry with you. My only issue is that in the last three boxes I've ordered, I've had several packets that were empty. I'm guessing something's off with their quality control in the filling process. Hopefully, they get this fixed."
I ordered this jerky because it was the best price per pound and I had never had Brown Sugar Jerky. It was surprisingly good. The jerky was not too dry and didn't have an overly sweet taste. I would recommend this as an option on road trips or as a snack that increases your daily protein intake. I have even added this to Amazon's program that automatically sends it to you each month. I definitely got my money's worth.
"I'm not going to debate the merits of carob soy milk itself. You're probably on this web page because you know what it is and want to buy it. My only hesitation was whether this all would work out without any hassle. I've ordered twice--each time one box with 27 juice-box sized containers of soy milk--and it has worked without a hitch. It's cheaper than the store, and the post office brings it right to your door. What's not to like!"
"I bought this product to use over air-popped popcorn. It is very tasty but not overpoweringly so. The product description here says to lightly spritz the air-popped popcorn with an oil to make this product adhere better. I have not done this yet, but have found that a good deal of the product does not stick to the dry popcorn, so this is likely a good suggestion. This would probably taste good over steamed vegetables, but I have not tried using it for this yet."
"I bought these cause I'm a chocolate snap lover, and I had been craving some. The lack of trans fats and description drew me in. Let's just say this: I took these over to a family party, and none of the kids liked it. NOT ONE. And most of the adults, the best they could say was, 'Eh.' I think two folks had more than one. I'd have to say skip these cookies. They don't make your mouth sing with chocolatey snappy joy."
"When I first tried one of these snack bars, it reminded me of other high fiber bars I've eaten over the years. The chocolate flavor is light but does add a nice combination with the banana. My wife took them to work for colleagues to sample. They ate the whole box in one setting and everyone really liked them. The most common reaction including my own is that they are a little dry, but otherwise pretty good."
"We use this mix for pancakes and waffles and it's perfect. We have had a terrible time finding a good all purpose flour that is gluten free (the popular brands taste terrible!) so we tend to use this pancake mix as a base for a lot of our recipes--- including breading for baked chicken and other things. It's definitely best as a pancake mix of course, but using it as a starting point for baking has helped us find ""normal"" tasting gluten free baked foods. :)"
"I recently tested three orgeats available on Amazon, including this one, Monin, and Teisseire. I tried each one in a variety of cocktails. Ferrara and Monin both beat Teisseire by a long shot, and were more or less equal in terms of taste. I have to deduct some points for Ferrara because it contains preservatives and comes in a plastic bottle, rather than glass. But it is a very close second. Recommended, especially given its lower price."
"I've ordered these twice, the first time half of the pops were good the other half had the eyes melted & I could not use them, this last time they arrived yellow!!! The kitties are suppose to be white..these must of been old!!, they were soggy too, some falling off the stick :( I tried one & it was soft & didn't taste bad, but they really didn't look fresh!!! Both times they were bought for party favors..very disappointed!! Haven't had a good experience with these!!"
My daughter and husband are both gluten intolerant. Found the WOW gluten free cookies in a local store and bought some for them to try. This cookie and the brownie were particular hits. My husband tried them begrudgingly since he has never found any gluten free sweets he likes and he thought they were excellent. I'm stocking up my daughter through Amazon since she lives out of state and doesn't want to wait for my next visit.
"I bought this, really hoping to get something decent. Maybe not perfect, but decent. How wrong. I added just a few drops to my coffee, and immediately, I noticed bubbles, like when you add vegetable oil to water. When I took a sip, all I tasted was a chemical-taste. I can't describe it more than that. I didn't taste hazelnut. It was merely a chemical taste. I will never by from Torani again. Highly disappointed."
"This product is both effective and convenient. We were able to assemble it and have it working within 30 minutes. It worked great as a ""maternity ward"" for our alpaca millay and her new cria. We were able to give them some private time while not feeling as though they were separated from the herd. I highly recommend this product and will have many uses for it in the future! Please view our pictures we have provided in the customer photo section!!"
"I have been giving my dog these treats for years, thinking I was giving her something healthy. I took her to my vet because she has been having bladder issues. That's when the vet told me not to give them to her because they were made in China. She said dogs have been getting sick from eating jerky treats made in China. I can't believe I have been poisoning my poor little dog! I will never buy another food product from CHINA!"
"After checking out the reviews, I decided to try King's Cupboard sugar-free hot chocolate. Although it was only available in a 3 pack of 8 ounce cans (and was over $35) the reviews made it look like a good deal. Hardly. Following the directions, and using filtered water, made for a completely undrinkable cup of hot chocolate. I tried milk, cream, a mix of water and cream, and even added sugar to see if it helped. The mix remained metallic tasting, and completely undrinkable."
"i eat PB&J every day for breakfast, i had to find an alternative to bread and the fat so i found this and bought one jar. its a little sweeter than normal PB but i dont miss the fat at all. i buy the 100 calorie whole wheat sandwich thins and use this on it with a little honey or fruit spread, yummy. highly recommend. i bought 2 more the next time. wish it was cheaper."
"I'm a fan of all kinds of teas so it's easy to give them a thumbs up. The single pouches are what I use to take with me to work or camping which cuts down on space AND lets me share with others easier. Great product at home or on the go for sure. They do have strings, staples and paper tags which is why I only gave it a 4 star. Eliminate those wasteful parts and they're a five star for sure."
"I read all the reviews on every hot chocolate k-cup on the market and decided to try this one first. Its not good. Even on the smallest cup setting it tastes watered down and there is a distinct ""plasticy"" taste. I think that this an inherent problem with all the k-cup hot chocolates. You just can't fit enough chocolate in the cup so that it doesn't taste watered down. I'm going to stick with making hot chocolate the old way."
"The big nut bars are a pretty tasty alternative from Planters- I counted no less than 5 almonds in my bar. However, as others have noted, the caloric count is pretty high for such a small bar. Unfortunately, they're also very sweet still, and I was looking for a more nutty bar with fewer sugars. Additionally, much of the bar is taken up by filler ""rice"". Actually, I prefer the Planter's Double Nut flavor, because it has a better contrasting flavor of salty/sweet."
My little pom absolutely loves the Greenies Dental Chews. Amazon provides the bigger pack of 96 at a cheaper price than you can find in stores. When they arrived today I told my dog her treats were here and she knew exactly what I was talking about. She was jumping up and down and could hardly wait for me to open the package. As soon as I got it opened she grabbed her little Greenie and went to town!!
"I've been gluten free for about 10 years now and love my cookies! I generally order Schar products and love their vanilla sandwich creams which really are as good as or better than gluten cookies. With Glutino I feel it's hit and miss. Their crackers are generally delicious and I love their pretzels but these cookies tasted like styrofoam and the icing was super sweet. Not my favorite product from Glutino. If you didn't care for these, you might try the Schar vanilla cremes. They're amazing!"
"I ordered this for my Senseo just for something new. I usually use the Senseo Sumatran pods. My normal serve is two pods with the double cup serve. I thought from reading this that I could use ONE pod for a double cup. Apparently that is incorrect. Okay, that's on me. I tried a pod on a single cup. Couldn't really discern any difference from the first. Very weak. I am not a ""coffee afficiando"" but I thought this coffee sucked."
"I love these big cheez-its, but, the boxes I received were all ground up. At least 30% or more of the contents were ground into very small pieces, and the rest was broken up into larger pieces. The salt flaked off most of the crackers that were big enough to look at, and they had an odd taste to them. While I will buy Cheez-Its again because I do like them, I will not ever buy them over the internet again."
"I'm not much for writing reviews, especially long ones. This is the best packaged soup I have ever had. Each one was like I was sitting in a restaurant that just made it for me. I highly recommend this and hope they never stop making it. It is the easiest meal, and tastes 100% real The only problem is the price, especially here on Amazon it's WAY to high... I just bought them for $2.50 at Dominick's"
"They aren't quite as low carb as some of the other Bold flavors - but they are soooooo delicious...sometimes I forget to care! All of the Bold Flavors I've tried are fantastic. I already have a terrible addiction to crunchy nuts, pecans, macadamias, almonds, brazil...come to mama! (not a huge fan of cashews) But the Bold line of of these Blue Diamond almonds are just outrageously delicious. Drink lots of water, because you'll be eating a lot of these!"
"When I first popped the candy into my mouth, I seem to be able to taste honey, even before the liquid honey center flows out. Looking at the ingredients; there are sugar, corn syrup, honey, vitamin b6, b12 and C. It does not list the percentage of sugar versus corn syrup versus honey. The distinguishable factor is the liquid honey center. But how much of that is pure honey I do not know and can only ponder. To me, it is just another candy."
"This is just from my experience with my two toy dogs. I bought this after searching the web for something more economical than Pill Pockets, with which I had great success. Both my dogs refused to even lick this after a brief sniff and one of them eats anything. I gave the tub away to someone else to try with their larger dogs. YMMV Hope it works for you if you take a chance and buy it."
"I gave these treats to my chihuahua mix and he developed renal failure. I then found out the FDA had issued a warning about these treats causing renal failure. I'm amazed Amazon is still selling them. My dog just spent 2 days getting IV fluids at the vets and may still not survive. Yes, he absolutely loved these treats. But please, at the very least, read about the warnings and what's happened to other animals before thinking about giving them to your pet."
"I received the Vanilla beans on time and was so happy for them to arrive, so I could make vanilla extract. They added a small package with them, and those beans were very nice and moist, but the 1lb of vanilla beans are very dry. I did what they had told me to do, by triple bagging them as soon as I opened them. Just very disappointed. I am not sure if the vanilla extract is going to turn out."
"Bought this to add to a recipe by Jason Schiffer for a Maple Manhattan. It's a great bitters and played really well with the Bourbon and Maple Syrup I was using. Great product! As with any bottle of bitters, 4 oz. is going to last you a LONG, LONG time so this is a great value as well. I don't think you can go wrong with any of the Fee Brothers bitters! Have fun with them and experiment!"
"I didn't think to check the label when I bought these, as I do not like artificial sweeteners. But as I was drinking the first one I could tell right away that there was something artificial. Turns out these have Sucralose (a.k.a Splenda) in them in addition to real sugar. Why use both? Also, I agree with another reviewer who said it really just tastes like hot chocolate. I could hardly taste any coffee flavor at all. Very disappointing. :("
"I order these chips on a regular basis. I like how they are portioned and one bag is only 2 points if you're doing Weight Watchers. My last order however, arrived at my house in an open box with a huge amount of tape. This resulted in me getting a case of crumbs. I was very disappointed because usually they come in safe packaging. I give the chips 5 stars, but the packaging this time around was horrible!"
"I actually really love the Jack Link's Original Beef Steak Nuggets, however the 4 pack I received seemed to be old. They weren't nearly as good as the ones I have purchased in gas stations. Makes you wonder why that would be. These were tough and much drier then I expected. I have to say I will not order them again through the mail. If they had been fresher I would have rated them as I love them because I really do."
"I have been a big Starbucks fan for a long time now, but thought I would try something that I could do the subscribe and save deal on. I chose this one because of the great reviews and thought it would make a change to have a flavored coffee. I am so glad I did! I love it. It is so smooth and the aroma when you open the can is wonderful. Can't wait to try the other types of Melitta coffee now too."
"My cats wouldn't touch the food! After a few days of my cats not eating I went back to my old Costco food. I tried to feed it to my feral outside cats but they haven't eaten it in the last 2 days either! Wish I could return it.<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001BOVE54"">Wellness CORE Grain-Free, Fish and Fowl Adult Cat and Kitten Food, 12-Pound Bag</a>Judy S. p.s.I am giving this one star instead of none as it wouldn't accept no stars in my rating."
"The price was right but the coffee is very one dimensional and has a flat taste. I'm on my 4th bag and I've tried using less coffee-(it tastes watery) using more coffee-(it's way too strong). It's hard to explain, the coffee is not bitter and not acidic but it's boring, there is very little aroma when it is brewing and no sign of oil on the top of the cup. I no longer look forward to my morning coffee, I would not buy again."
"This coffee was not quite as dark roasted as I'm used to for Starbucks, but for me, that was a good thing. Sometimes I feel like I'm drinking from an ashtray on their very dark roast. The vanilla taste (and smell) are more prominent than in many flavored coffees, which again, for me, was a good thing. Though not overwhelming, you definitely could tell this was a vanilla flavored coffee. Nice fresh/consistant flavor through the whole bag."
"I loved the flavor options when I bought this pack, but it took a while to get the blend of my coffee correct. I made a 6-cup pot of coffee and used an entire pack of Boyer's and still added 1 scoop of my store-bought dark roast coffee to get a robust coffee taste. The first pot I made was weak as tea, but the added flavors (Vanilla Nut, French Vanilla, etc) were excellent. If they would darken the roast I would recommend this product."
"My adult daughter is ""into"" saving the planet, tigers, water resources, trees, etc. She chose this chai tea after discovering an old tea infuser in the kitchen drawer thinking it would be grand to make tea ""the old fashioned way"". She realized with the first brewed cup that loose tea has a much fresher, intense flavor than teas in a bag. I doubt that she will go back to using tea bags again and will probably research and request more Stash tea products in the future."
We were a little leary when we first read the type of coffee this was but decided to try it anyway. So glad we did! It is wonderful anytime of day or night. We do not like strong coffee taste or after taste and this one fits the bill for us. Enjoy it while you can. We have been back many times and reordered in fear we will not be able to get it again. Thanks Amazon.
"This variety is softer than the apple cinnamon crisp version, but my husband just loves them. that gives me some peace of mind, since they do contain whole rolled oats. I don't care for them much myself. I like crispy graham crackers. don't think these would be good for baking, such as pie crusts or crispy crumbled toppings. But I've been ""ordered"" to get these and the apple cinnamon variety on subscribe and save auto-ship (if available) since our local stores don't carry them. :o)"
"For the price, I'll drink it all summer as iced tea. It's the best deal around. I like the Darjeeling from Twinings and Bigelow a little more. But not more enough to pay 4 times as much. This is great tea in my book. I like it strong and a bit bitter so I let the water just start to boil, then brew until it's about body temperature. I use a laser thermometer (they're cheap now), then strain it through a small fine stainless steel strainer."
"I am not an 'espresso' expert by any means, but do like a good cup now and then. This product fit the bill in that regards, and I was pleasantly surprised. It was rich and smooth, not overbearing or too strong. The Nescafe maker that goes with this coffee is a gem, and if you love coffee and trying different things, I would recommend trying this flavor. It is our household's favorite flavor overall of the five we have tried."
"*rolls eyes at other reviewer* of course its going to smell like a campfire they roast the tea over pine and its awesome!!! I love this tea, but their suggestion of one teaspoon is a bit conservative for black tea you usually do one tablespoon per cup not a teaspoon, its up to preference but i love this tea and the fact that it reminds me of camping is a plus! it makes me feel good, and it tastes great too!"
"I like Spry because I know it's good for me, but the gum size is meager, and the flavor, while good, doesn't last long. So I pop in two pieces at a time and just enjoy it while I can. I kind of assume that the reason it doesn't last is because it doesn't have a lot of the nasty chemicals in it to preserve it, so I am willing to accept the tradeoff for better health!"
This coffee pod does need to be put in the 2 cup pod holder if you have a Senseo coffee maker. I run the pod holder under hot water before putting the pod in it. This will help to make the coffee stronger. It does make a good cup of coffee. The reason I can't give this 5 stars is that The Baronet Coffee Roasters company does not adequately label their pods. They also make pods for pump espresso coffee makers.
"I just used these for the first time when decorating gingerbread cookies for a chidlren's holiday party. Mixed with royal icing, the colors were much more vivid than the normal liquid coloring that I have used in the past and the little containers were extremely easy to use with no mess or fuss in getting the right amount. I am quite pleased with this product so far and look forward to experimenting with more colors in the future."
"If you are looking for a healthy, delicious, handy snack...this is it! These snacks are so delicious that I cannot have enough. My sons gobble them up in droves. It is a wonderful thing to have boys chow down on something other than junk. I love them also...they are a perfect serving that gives you flavor and the oh so important satisfying crunch. Highly recommend every flavor!! Buy a good amount they will go fast."
Since I am not the one who eats this I can't vouch for the taste......however the dog seems to love it. One thing we as dog owners like about this food is that it cut down the gas our schnauzer had. We switched from another food which really made the dog gassy. That one simple thing alone makes this food awesome!!!! Amazon has this for about 10 bucks lower than pet smart so it makes it a good deal.
"I bought this brand because their chicken stock is awesome, but this was disgusting. I can't believe it's the same company. I used this with French onion soup, which should be impossible to taste bad, but it just has a weird flavor. It's hard to explain. It doesn't have a rich, beef flavor to say the least. Not to mention that it smells nasty as well. I will never buy this again, and if I can't find anything better I will make my own beef stock."
"My cats love this brand of food, especially the salmon and turkey flavors. However, they leave the peas and carrots behind. Which makes me feel like I'm not getting my money's worth! However, I've started squishing the carrots into the food, and they seem to be leaving less in their bowls. After trying many brands of canned foods, this is one of the few that they eagerly eat, and it doesn't smell as bad as some."
"I am so glad to have found this product. My dog had a problem on walks when he would have to pull up his rear leg and hop. As a puppy he was operated on with little success. The Doctor said it was common in Yorkies and there was nothing more they could do. Now he is 4 years old and with the addition of Greenies Joint Care I rarely see him limp. He LOVES the taste, he can't wait to get his daily ""bone"""
"I ordered this a while ago and absolutely loved it. The spices are wonderful and the dish with rice and Naan bread make an excellent meal. However I recently discovered you can order directly from Tasty Bite and their 12-Pack is half the price. As you might have guessed, I will be ordering from them instead of amazon. I gave it 3 stars because of the price. If it were just about the product, it would be 5 stars."
"I had been craving FlaVorIce, but couldn't find it in my local shops, so then thought to look on Amazon. I'm delighted they had it! It comes in a nice sturdy box with an opening on top. So I keep the majority of them at room temperature in my pantry and then keep adding a section to my freezer as we eat them. So it doesn't need to take up a lot of freezer space. Totally happy with this purchase."
"The ingredients read this as a healthy treat, and my dog does really enjoy them, but oh wow, these things smell horrible! Absolutely horrible, and I like fish! I tried to tolerate it, but it really turns my stomach. The smell sticks to your fingers too, I have to wash my hands after giving my dog just one of these because the smell is still so offensive. Yuck. I'm gonna give the chickens ones a try, but the salmon is going back."
"My dog is a ""no kill "" shelter rescue. I tried every brand of holistic type canned and dry food, and he was totally uninterested. He would only eat the least expensive canned food from the super market. After reading revues I was informed to find it was the least nutritious available. ""So your child likes candy, but you don't feed candy 3 times a day."" These were the words that sent me to Blue Buffalo."
"One of the worst things I have ever tasyed that was supose to be drinkable. Under fizzed and over chemicalled. My Grand children tasted it and got sick. Nothing like the real ""Fizzies"" of old. Reccogmended only for suicides to hide the taste of the poison-naw it might make you throw up and screw up the suicide attempt. They only sell it in large quantities because after tasting one no one would ever buy a second one."
I only tried the Honey Mustard and Onion flavor Smart Fries because they were a part of the variety pack I ordered. I don't like mustard - and I'm not a big fan of too much onion flavor in chips. Was I ever surprised when these turned out to be my favorite flavor!! They are fantastic (and pleasantly addicting)! They also included the Vinegar Splash flavor which I was leery of - but they turned out to be very good as well!
"WONDERFUL TEA! Much better than their tea bags. This is a MUST HAVE in our home as we both enjoy a cuppa to start and end most days. We were using the actual tea bags for years. We didn't think that we'd change as it was so inexpensive as we each reused a tea bag for our days cuppa. While using the K-cups is not as cost effective, IT CERTAINLY DOES MAKE EACH CUP A PERFECT EXPERIENCE!!!!"
"while the taste and quality of the popcorn is fine. my big problem is that i was looking for popcorn that doesn't have trans fat. i read the entire product description and even opened the additional info labeled ""nutritional facts"" that is supposed to be from the product box. well you can imagine my surprise when i opened the package from amazon and read that the popcorn has 2 grams of trans fat per serving. not cool."
I opened a can and it smelled like cigarettes which I was informed was bad bacteria. I reported this to Amazon whom I got it from and they sent me another 6 pack for replacement BUT it also smelled badly...At this point I gave up trying. I am all for organic but this stuff was poor in my opinion. Allot of it seemed like hard rice and it smelled like cigarettes and bad bacteria. I wouldn't buy it again.
"I wanted to try this out because I've heard a lot of good things about Coconut Water and it sounded sweet and tasty. However...it's surprisingly bitter and not...very good at all. I am basically forcing myself to finish the bottle. Adding a spoonful of sugar has actually helped it a lot. Regardless, I highly recommend tasting a bit of it before you buy any large amount. It's probably an acquired taste, and not for me."
"I bought this product and when I got home and opened the package I was in for a surprise. Not only was the product no where near as good as I remembered it to be, but it had a 3"" by 4"" label smack dab in the middle of the front. When I opened it, yup, no candy underneath the label. Talk about 'false advertising'. Will never buy these again just on principle. This company evidently doesn't care about a loyal following. Fool me once..."
"This ""everlasting"" treat ball does not perform as advertised. Within five minutes, our dog had the treat out of the ball and the ball shredded in several places. The packaging states, ""made with virtually indestructible material"" and ""great for powerful chewers"", but neither of these statements were true. The Everlasting Treat Ball is a very disappointing product which will be returned. Do not bother purchasing this product unless you are only looking for an expensive five minutes of fun for your dog."
"My boyfriend loves this stuff and since we live an hour's drive apart I surprise him with cases of Chocolate ZICO when I can't surprise him with my own company. There's no shipping, it only takes a couple days to get there AND if you have some foresight, you can preorder a handful of cases at a lower rate and have them sent periodically. The only downside - having to stop yourself from downing a whole case of ZICO."
"I was so disappointed! I agree with the reviewer who said they taste like stale cardboard. They had no pleasant texture, no pleasant flavor. They were dry, dry, dry! Even the chocolate chip cookie was bad. I can't believe people enjoyed these. I plan on returning and that will be my first return to Amazon. I can get delicious vegan cookies from Whole Foods that are so scrumptious that I have to use self control. These are awful."
"I have two cats, 1 of them a is a large bombay who used to beg for Bumble Bee Tuna whenever I ate it. So, I saw this in the store and bought it and he loved it. I feed it to him every morning. This is much better than regular tuna for cats because it is full of specific nutritional vitamins for a cats diet. My other cat is not a big fan of tuna so I feed her wellness canned chicken."
"Love my K-Cups. Thought this deal was too good to be true, so I snagged it. I guess the only drawback was that the product had outlived it's shelf date. I wouldn't mind it as much if I were totally aware of it when purchasing. I still would have bought it, but I felt a little cheated when it arrived. So far the product tastes the same, I am just glad I bought it for me personally instead of for work or friends."
I have used Wellness Core for a long time. I did a lot of research before choosing it. However after getting a new bag that was moldy I started doing some research. The company has been bought out and many many consumers have complaints about the quality control of the food now and in some cases their dogs have been getting sick on it. I am not saying not to buy it but just beware that it is not the same company anymore.
"I decided to give Starbucks a try as I've been looking for a good instant decaf coffee. I poured the first pouch in its entirety into my cup and thought I was drinking tar. For the next one I only used half a pouch and got a much more mellow and enjoyable cup. Clearly, my palette is not well suited to overly strong coffee. I suppose I would buy this again, but not before shopping around and trying a different decaf."
"Yes, these are Chupa chups. In my opinion the best tasting lollipops I've found in a long time. Several ""creamy"" varieties along with the more traditional. My favorite being the choco-vanilla. However, these are ""mini-pops"". These are half, if not less than half, of the size of the normal chupa chups. This fact needs to be stated in the description. Not stating it is a bit deceptive. Great lollipop, but I guess I'll have to find another source next time. Sorry."
"We've long enjoyed this brand of chip, so when we began to think seriously about limiting out salt intake we were particularly pleased to find these. Granted I bought them somewhat reluctantly because I'm a confirmed salt-aholic, generously sprinkling it on everything from eggs to green beans. I was more than pleasantly surprised as these chips have a very satisfying robust taste and are crispy to boot. How nice to be able to munch on these without worrying about too much salt."
"I made the mistake of opening a package of these mediterranean apricots, (bought at the local IGA store) in a darkened room and popped some in my mouth without being able to see them. BIG mistake...I trusted the name and I should not have. They were hard and bitter. When I tuned up the lights I could see that they were almost black in color and looked and tasted horrible. No more Sun-maid for me...."
"The dried pineapple is coated in fine sugar, which gives it a balanced sweet & tart candy-like flavour. My only gripes are in the packaging -- there are no larger bags (if you want more, you must buy a 12-pack case), and that each bag is more thick than necessary creating more garbage. If you live in a progressive city, it may be recyclable, but I don't, unfortunately. Otherwise it makes a healthy fruit snack and even a dessert. It's one of my favourites, overall."
"These peanuts are OK. They are obviously far better than most ""store-bought"" brands (such as Planter's). However, they are nowhere NEAR as tasty as the peanuts I've ordered from Amazon which are produced by the Peanut Shop of Williamsburg. Plus, the ""blisters"" in the Virginia Diner brand seem to be mostly broken in half (i.e., not intact), and they are actually somewhat hard to bite into. For a few extra dollars, the additional investment in the Willamsburg variety is well worth it."
"I have to be upfront and tell you my family loves these but I do not. I do not like baked Lays or Pringles either. This product reminded me of them, not the same but similar. My son wanted me to try them and then invest in the company. I am glad so many people like them but I will pass on eating them and it looks like it is a private company.... So no stock either."
"Granted, these are a little expensive, but they are very convenient for feeding while out and about or when you don't want to run the risk of food getting everywhere. We like that they are pure fruit and organic. Our son thinks they taste good and likes to suck on them. The novelty is nice. I wouldn't buy them to eat all the time because of the cost, but when you are in a hurry or on the run, they are super-helpful."
"I enjoyed the tea. If I were ill with a cold or the flu I might purchase this tea for the mint effects. The soothing effects on my sinuses, throat and chest were enjoyable. If I had an upset stomach this tea would make me feel better. Having said all that, the actual taste of the tea is flat and overpowered by the mint flavor. I tasted the bag the tea is in as much as the tea itself."
"For me, nobody can beat Dunkin Donuts coffee. But the addition of vanilla can make just about any coffee palatable, and since this had the Starbucks name on it, I figured it was worth a try. But I couldn't really taste the vanilla. Overall, this coffee just didn't impress me as either bad or good. It just sort of sat there. Maybe it has to do with my coffee-making skills, but I don't know why the vanilla flavor wouldn't come through."
I bought this come because it said it would help with your teeth but I found most chewing gum carries the same ingredients so I don't suggest buying it for their advertised reason. As far as taste goes it tastes rather fruity for maybe 20 seconds and then the flavor quickly fades. In my opinion not worth buying better off just buying a regular packet of gum. You'll find most sugar free gum contains xylitol. The set look at the packaging.
"I've now sampled four different varieties of LaraBar, and here's my main take on the lemon ones: if you like lemon squares, this is your bar. The all-natural raw foods approach makes for a great snack bar - not over-sweetened, no sticky aftertaste, not too dry, and one bar was often the perfect mid-afternoon snack to carry me over until dinner - but the lemon flavor here is definitely not subtle. I still enjoyed the box, but prefer the cherry pie or banana cookie flavors."
I did a lot a research before buying this and I am very happy with the results. I feel like I have more energy and my body functions more regularly when I take this. I use a scoop of this with a scoop of whey protein and 8 oz. Of skim milk. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because of the taste. BUT I guess what should I expect from wheat grass? it does taste better mixed in my shake though.
"We absolutely love this seasoning. I worked years ago in a restaurant, and this is the seasoning they would put on fish, chicken and beef. It adds a lot of flavor, without adding a lot of fat and calories. We use it for veggies, soups, fish, you name it. We can't seem to keep it in the house, and at approx $5.00 for a small bottle from the market, this large canister is a much better deal. It should last us a good long time."
"As others have noted, the clumps don't really stick together all that well. Plus, the litter itself doesn't seem to do anything about ammonia smell from cat pee, so it'll about knock you over when you go to scoop the box (unless maybe you scoop it every time the cat uses it, or something). I expected better from Arm & Hammer. If you're considering buying this, just don't. Get Fresh Step instead; Fresh Step's unscented litter actually controls litterbox odors, unlike this stuff."
"I was excited to try this cookie because Billy Crystal's character calls it the ""best cookie ever"" in the iconic ""When Harry Met Sally,"" which is one of my favorite films ever. The cookie does not disappoint. It's rich with chocolate, gooey with marshmallow, and crunchy with vanilla sandwich cookie on the bottom. Messy, lots of crumbs and pretty darned good. A Mallomar is a terrific treat for late-night snacking while watching Turner Classic Movies. Recommended."
"I've used these noodles to make pad thai, but also as a gluten-free substitute for linguini, and have been happy with the result. The price is good too. However, I prefer <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0048IAIOS"">Annie Chun's Brown Rice Noodle, Pad Thai, 8-Ounce (Pack of 6)</a>, also gluten-free, with four times the fiber. They're just as quick and easy to prepare - and are also not that expensive purchased online, though I don't always buy them through Amazon."
"I ended up throwing this one away mid-way because I kept picking brown mouse like droppings out of my mouth. I inspected it to see what it could be, likely just a spice they added, but the chunks were big, and seeing that they looked just like mouse poop, I could not continue on and finish it. Its a shame because the soup itself tastes great... however I cannot get past the spice things they added. They looked far too much like rodent droppings."
"To me it seems like too much sugar, not enough chocolate, a little heavy on the spice. Sugar is the first ingredient. But if not for the sugar problem I wouldn't complain about the spice. I tried adding 1/2 pound of powdered cocoa to the 3 pound bag and it was still too sweet. It's amazing to me how far this is from ""the best hot chocolate ever"" like other reviewers rated. Def try a small bag first to see who you agree with."
"My dog LOVES these. He takes days to work his way through one. I don't think they are messy, like other reviewers thought. He eats up any pieces that fall off. I got these through Amazon, for a good price. There are a lot of chewnolas in the box, and they may last him half a year at the rate he chews them up. He is a small size sheltie, and they are a good size for him. Any larger would be too large."
"I tried this when I was in Southern California and cannot find it anywhere in northern California. I like it because it is poultry and has natural ingredients with no preservatives. I can eat it instead of a protein bar, I can take it camping, it doubles as ""emergency earthquake supplies"". AND it's not full of fat or sugar. I find the price a little high, but i make sure to have the bag last for several days."
"I'm a huge soda fan. I'm also a huge bacon fan. Thus, I thought this would be the greatest drink ever made. Unfortunately, it's pretty terrible. It's in-your-face strong. The aftertaste makes me cringe. It really felt like I was drinking carbonated bacon grease. I'm not sure the idea of bacon soda is totally junk; this may have just been very poorly executed. It needs to have a more subtle flavor. I couldn't even finish half a bottle, it was that disgusting."
"I needed a half-caff coffee to use in my Keurig to get me thru the afternoon (but not keep me up all night). This coffee does do the job. The only negative is a matter of my own taste. I MUCH prefer dark roasted coffee, and this is definitely light-to-medium. Tastes like Denny's coffee. Just fine, not earth-shattering... My very favorite K-cup coffee is Obsidian (by Caribou) - to get a sense of what I wished it tasted like!"
"About the best gluten-free pasta you will find for this price. It holds sauces beautifully. I would add that the best way to cook this pasta is to put it into a pot of boiling water, bring it back up to a full boil, stirring it for ONLY 1 to 2 minutes. Then remove from flame, cover with a lid and let sit for an additional 10 minutes. Drain and rinse. Comes out a perfect texture."
"I'm used to the older, slightly crunchy Chips Ahoy. I never really like the chewy ones, and these are one step even more extreme than that, having fudge paste in the middle. I think it's too much chocolate in one package, but that's just me. The picture on the package makes it seem like the center is gooey, but even the heat of a Chicago summer, it's still quite thick. I'm glad I tried them, but I wouldn't buy them again."
"Tried this yesterday as a ""treat"" on a cold, rainy fall night. It had an unpleasant, grainy and somewhat watery texture. The clams were actually sandy and gritty and the potatoes were kind of chalky, for lack of a better term. The flavor was also very lacking...it didn't really taste like, well, anything. Definitely not worth the price. I can only imagine the people who wrote the good reviews either work for Bar Harbor or have never tried any other kind of clam chowder."
"I really, really like this ghee. Not sure if I love it yet. All I know that my food doesn't burn as fast. For All-Clad frying pan owners, you will love this. Food does not stick and burn onto the frying pan so clean up is much faster. Not sure if there is a taste difference from my previous ghee but the grass-fed component does make it seem better. 4 golden brown french toasts out of 5."
"this candy is absolutely delicious. i was disappointed,however, because the candies came in 20 small boxes fit into a larger box. it was said that there were 10 candies in each, but there were only 9 candies in each box. hence the order was short 20 candies. i think that the description needs to change and the price needs to come down. otherwise these cant be beat. i use them for chronic nausea and just for pleasure. lynne neylan"
"I ordered 24 of these burgers. It was my first time trying Omaha Steaks and I'm rather disappointed. While they do hold their shape well and cook fairly quickly, they do not have much flavor at all. Way too similar to regular supermarket frozen patties. They are a let down for the price. You'd get more texture, flavor, and value from standard ground beef. Definitely not worth $45. I'd give them 2 and a half stars if possible."
"This gum is a big hit with people who remember this gum from years back, or those that have never seen it. The fascination of 5 different flavors in a single pack of 17 sticks of gum. Plus the tattoos makes it fun for kids or kid at heart. The biggest drawback of this gum is that within 5-7 minutes it loses its flavor. By 15 minutes you are chewing on stick #2 to have any flavor."
I've recently switched to a more natural and organic food for my cats and have been trying different brands and I came across this Orijen cat food in a trial 400 gram bag and put it side to side with some of the other dry food that I bought that is also natural with no by products and everytime they both would go directly to the Orijen bowl and leave the others alone. I ordered a 15 lb bag today.
"Amazon sent expired item ( about 2 months)to me once. The coffee itself is good, have a dark, rich yet sour taste. Every package is good for one brew, made 64 oz of regular coffee ( BUNN). I bought this product mainly because the coffee is divided by pack, easy to use for restaurants/ office for each fresh batch. It also comes in vacuumed package, hence the box is small for easy storage. Beware, no filter included."
"Love ""Kind bars but"" When I ordered the Kind bars I thought they would come fine.... but when the UPS person left them on the deck in the sun.... must not have been long.... they became gooey and stick to the wrapper.... there was no indication on the package so they would know that something edible was in there or he probably would have at least put them in the garage... I had two packages so a big investment was disappointing..."
"Bought this thing out of curiosity to tackle some roach problem but ended up regretting it. No roaches entered the boxes for a whole week (checked everyday) despite the ""pheromone formula"". It did however start trapping roaches after I added some ""bait"" (Doritos crumbs). So don't expect it to attract roaches on its own. I gave it 2 stars cos it does work when there's something inside attracting the roaches but I found something similar at my local 99c store that worked just as well."
"I bought this thinking it would be better than all of those other proteins out there marketed to babies. Plus, My son loves the veggie/fruit pouches, but he won't touch any of these (Chicken, Beef, or Bean) with a 10-foot pole!! And we've tried to offer them quite a few times. I say try at your own risk but do not buy more than one or you may be wasting your money. Stick to fresh chicken."
"The first time I tasted this Mexican Spiced Ground Chocolate was in a restaurant in Southern Colorado. It was a cool rainy day and I was in love with it after the first sip.I have never tasted anything this good. I took down the name of the product, googled it, and quickly ordered it from Amazon. I will now be ready for the first snowy day in Denver. It is the best hot chocolate mix ever!!!"
"I was really excited for Tassimo to get a mocha line of coffees. I love chocolate mixed with peppermint and had really high hopes for this blend. It tasted like Gas-X mixed with coffee, and just like Gas-X it stayed with you the rest of the day . . . Not too festive for a holiday coffee. I must say the regular mocha is delightful! Note: This is WAY cheaper on Tassimo.com, thus I don't feel so guilty throwing it out."
"I love white tea, I adore Harney and Sons. However this tea made me feel a little funky. Maybe it was the cardammon on an empty stomach, but I felt a little sick. This just was not the tea for me. I didn't like it. Harney and Sons sachets are realy loose tea in the convenience of a tea bag. Each tea bag can brew two cups of tea. Instructions for brewing each individual tea is on the tin."
"The best healthy snack there is. When you crave that late night meat without the guilt this is the product for you. I took 3 with me on a trip with a vegetarian family and it gave me the peace of mind knowing I could get my meat/healthy fix. Love Love Love this product and the taste is amazing. My cats follow me around hoping I will drop a piece, which I do by accident :P"
"The pretzels are tasty and convenient, but I can't give them a higher rating due to the extreme jump in price (nearly double the price it was a couple of weeks ago when I made the purchase-around $17). Due to this, I assume the previous great reviews are based on the former price. Now I can pick these up at my local Grocery for close to the same price per bag, which defeats the purchase of buying in bulk online."
"Because of the minimal packaging I didn't expect much or even for the cups to work as well as the usual ones. I pleasantly surprised at the excellent flavor of the coffee and the way the cups stood up to brewing. This is a very dark roast, not for the timid coffee drinker. It would do well as an iced coffee due to it's rich, bold flavor - hmmmm, not a bad idea, I think I'll try it right now!"
"I used to run a retail Bakery many years ago, and I used to buy Clear Gel buy 100 lbs size to use in making fruit fillings and custards. This product is over priced and isnt as good quality as other named prducts that I used to purchase years ago. Sorry, will not buy this brand product any more, as for what I need it for, I can get buy in using any brand Corn Starch."
"I was looking for a milk-alternative for my son because of concerns/issues with cow's milk. I researched the other alternatives and decided that Hemp Milk was the best choice. The calcium, Vitamin D, calories are similar (if not more than) cow's milk. The natural Omega 3, no sugar (cow's milk has 11g), and other nutrients made it the perfect choice. He's getting everything milk provides without the gas/constipation that came from drinking cow's milk. It works well for us!"
"2000mg of vitamin C daily (which is the equivalent of 2 packets, as recommended on the box and in many of the reviews) is WAY more than the human body can absorb in one day, especially if you use it regularly. You'll simply pee it out! I take Emergen-C to prevent getting sick (I work with kids, so whenever something is going around) or when I'm recovering from a cold (or the occasional hang-over), or after work-outs/physical activity. Love it!"
"I first had B&M beans in the 1960s. They were pretty decent for a canned bean. The current version tastes nothing like the 1960s version. I doubt they were using high fructose corn syrup when they began making beans in the 1920s either. I also suspect that the ingredients they are hiding by using the words ""spice"" and ""natural flavor"", were not used in the 1920s. And if ""spice"" and ""natural flavor"" are healthy ingredients, they should be proud to tell us what they are."
I am on a diet and would like to find a healthy yet delicious muffins as I am a muffin lover. I love this product. It is exactly what I wanted! But the instruction is wrong. It says to bake at 400 degree for 27mins. I did and found the muffins are hard and dry. I changed to 350 degree and add 2 whole eggs instead egg white and milk instead of water. It is delicious!
