"The product quality is great, but the seller is really taking advantage of the limited distribution of the Stella D'Oro brand due to the ongoing strike. The retail price clearly marked on each package is $2.79, so a case of 12 packages should retail for $33.48 plus shipping. Since the cost of this product is $47.95 plus shipping for a case of 12 packages, make sure you really are desperate for a Stella D'Oro before ordering."
"These dog biscuits are just the right size for a dog treat and my dogs love them. I feel good that they have healthy ingredients and are grain free. My only complaint after ordering several boxes and several orders, is that sometimes the biscuits arrive in the box whole and unbroken, and sometimes they arrive totally broken up into little pieces. If another shipment arrives in broken up little pieces, then I probably won't order them again."
"This is good coffee, but nothing to write home about. I like the grind, which is finer than most ground coffee, although I prefer grinding the beans myself. It has a bold, but not bitter, taste. Even though I'll stick to Eight O'Clock as my coffee of choice, this one certainly isn't objectionable and is better than most cups you'll get at the diner. And it's certainly better than Folgers, MH, and other grocery store brands."
"1st: my cats really don't eat this brand with much relish like they did when Wellness had the mylar bags. We really miss those bags, the food just seemed to taste better to my cats. Canned, they won't touch any flavor but turkey. 2nd: I've had 3 out of 12 in a case smell off and even the dogs won't touch it. So just check yours JIK. What has happened to this brand? They were the BEST 2 years ago!"
I don't think I have ever been more disappointed with a product. Delivery was perfect but what use is that if the product is no good. Used loads of this powder and the most I felt was a slight feeling of a cold. I would not recommend this at all. If you must order some I'd suggest you order the smallest amount possible so you can try it and not be so upset when it doesn't live up to expectations.
"I have never been a huge shampoo consumer. I just haven't been that picky, but I have to say there is a huge difference between this and what I had been using. It smells great and leaves my hair feeling extremely healthy. I have even had people tell me my hair smells good when they get a whiff (A little strange, but I'll take it). I have been happy with this product and will probably end up buying another bottle."
"I used to love Perugina's Baci, so I decided to try this since I've never had their milk chocolate. Somehow I was just not impressed with this bar. It wasn't overly sweet, which is always good in my opinion, but there was something missing. Ritter Sport has a milk chocolate cappucino bar which is better, but is a little sweet for my taste. Before trying this one, you may want to try the one by Ritter Sport."
"I was disappointed with the taste of these chips (regular and barbecue). I can't really taste the potato, so it is almost like eating a badly-flavored foam chip. It tastes like it is stale even though it is fresh, and it also has an odd chemical-like taste. The similar baked lays and pringles chips are very tasty. My kids finally ate the rest of these chips, but only after all of the other chips were gone."
"I am so disappointed with my candy boxes. I bought 4 boxes 40, 80, and two 90s. Each box had pretty much the same candy with the exception of maybe three different ones. One of my boxes arrived with a torn handle. I will never order these candy boxes again, and I really wish that I could return them without paying a mountain load of money for the shipping and handling. I give the boxes two thumbs down."
"I first tried Trung Nguyen Creative 5 coffee from a friend who brought it over from Vietnam. SO GOOD. It's like drinking chocolate, if you make it in a phin filter and add condensed milk. I bought two of these through Amazon, and they were still good. Not quite as flavorful as I remembered, which is why I gave it four stars. But that's depending totally on my memory, which is sadly a fallible tool. I'm going to order more when it's time for more coffee."
"I typically drink my coffee as a latte (microwave a little skim milk, then use a frother), so the coffee is about 1/4 froth/milk. I also use a french press. The grind is a little fine for the french press - small pieces end up making it through the filter. The taste of the coffee is fine to me. The vanilla flavor is light. I don't love the coffee, but it's...OK. Not a ringing endorsement, but eh."
"Very tasty gourmet food. Easy to keep and store. Easy to prepare. Could be eaten as packed or warmed in microwave, toaster oven, frying pan or directly over flame or charcoal grille. Goes well with pasta and other spanish, italian or french dishes. Best with crackers and cheese, rice, or even eaten alone. Matches well with soda, beer, wine or any beverage for that matter. Perfect to take along during trips. They are so good, I panic whenever I run out of stock!"
"I've never used this product before, but had a coupon so thought it would be worth trying, I looked at their site and checked to make sure that the protein was still adequate (which was 28%), when I got to the store, they received new bags, which is now only 22% protein, which is not enough meat to grain ratio. Theres better options on the merket, they make cost little more, but at least you're not getting jipped."
"I will admit that I like strong flavorful but not burnt tasting coffee. I give four stars to the Tully House Blend, but this Breakfast Blend is quite weak. After ordering fifty of them, my husband and I in desperation have been trying to use them up by putting a kcup on espresso setting and using 2-3 kcups on Expresso as needed to fill up our coffee cup. I'm sure it's a fine Kcup if you like weak coffee, but..."
"This is expensive in the stores, paid $10.00 for 35 packets and usually needed at least 2 packets. Buying it this way is much cheaper. It tastes just like sugar with no aftertaste. As far as I know it is safe and has none of the controversial issues surrounding stuff like sucralose and saccharin. It is not as sweet as sugar so you may need to use a little more. How cool, no calories, tooth decay or elevated blood sugar levels, just sweetness."
"I have a small collection of finishing salts that I use for different things. This one is my favorite for things like salad and desserts. It's gorgeous with large crystal shapes that are very thin, some are just flakes, but other pieces are like shallow hollow pyramids. The flavor is mild and they have a nice snap which adds a textural interest to chocolates and candies. For more robust flavors, I prefer stronger flavored salts like smoked or Peruvian pink salts."
"These cookies were AWFUL! Really bad. My co-worker and I each bit into one and we couldn't finish it. I tried one a week or so later when I was really hungry and it was still terrible. Not only do they not taste good, but instead of being bland, they actually taste BAD and leave a horrible aftertaste. I buy a lot of Gluten Free products and almost everything is really good but this was far from it."
"I almost threw this loaf into the garbage when I first tasted it. Very horrible taste and texture. But I kept it in the fridge and toasted a slice every once in a while. I don't know whether it improved with age or I just got used to it, but eventually I ate the whole thing. I can't give it more than two stars though. I suggest the people who package this mix try another recipe, because the world needs a better low-carb bread mix."
"I love Starbucks but I don't like paying the price for espresso from Starbucks. When I was looking around on Amazon and found these beans were brewed by Starbucks and made by Kirkland, me being a Cosco lover and a Starbucks lover I was sold! Verrry glad I decided to go with these beans! They taste like high quality espresso beans, I get compliments all the time when I make friends and family lattes. You can not go wrong! purchase these beans!"
"After trying many other brands, we found Ancient Harvest linguini! Finally, a gluten-free pasta that doesn't stick, clump or disintegrate. The pricing on Amazon is about 60 cents better per box than any grocery-store pricing I've seen. We cook two boxes for our family of five and have less than one serving left over. We also love the elbow noodles. The spaghetti is passable, but the consistency of the linguini is better, in my opinion. If you eat gluten free, this pasta is for you!"
"This has an excellent flavor and it is a great substitute for corn syrup. I have no idea if this is a good price or not because I couldn't find any local. However, I will be ordering again when I run out. I saw it mentioned in a doughnut recipe book and I can understand why it was mentioned now that I've used it. It could probably be used in place of honey in certain recipes as well."
"Using 8 oz water as the directions state made the cocoa much too weak. It was like hot water with a few drops of chocolate syrup. Using 6 oz made the cocoa much too sweet, and still too weak in the chocolate department. It uses sucralose as a sweetener, which gives it a very intensely sweet flavor. This may not be a problem for those who like very sweet things or don't mind the taste of sucralose. Unfortunately, I'm not one of those people."
"i just received the ajvar today, it is so horrible. i cannot believe this is what they sell as ajvar. i am from Macedonia and the ajvar over there is nothink like this one. do not buy this if you think thats ajvar, because is not. the smell is pretty bad, and you will not want to taste that. pretty disappointed, i paied $14 for it to be that bad. i do not recomend it to noone."
"After reading the reviews I decided to take advantage of the special Amazon was offering. Wow! Excellent chip and of course you can enjoy it more knowing it has no cholesterol or saturated fat. Fortunately the bags are small which helps you control your calorie intake. But, they are highly addictive. I have only tried the regular, but I will definitely be ordering some of the other flavors later on. I recommend that every one try them, although at regular price they are quite expensive."
"I must start by saying that this is the first time I used my new Parmount Popper. I read the reviews about being sure to add this product with the kernels. Well, the thing got to popping so fast it scared me lol. I didn't have time to add it before. The popcorn was really bland without it and it was hard to put it on evenly after the popping was done. I'm going to try another batch tomorrow so wish me luck."
"I bought a bottle of Blackberry Balsamic Vinegar last fall at a county fair, and since it is now running low, I attempted to find the brand that I had purchased at the fair, but to no avail. When I found the Blackberry Ginger Balsamic Vinegar at Amazon, I decided to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised to find that it is as good as, if not better than, the old stuff. I will definitely reorder!"
We love Tete de Moine cheese. The best way to serve it is to cut it using a girolle. A full wheel of Tete de Moine is round which is why it works on a girolle. I ordered half a wheel and expected to get one cut horizontally so that it could be cut on a girolle. This company cut it vertically so it can't be cut on a girolle. I complained in an e-mail 2 weeks ago and haven't had a reply.
This product does not work. We tried this about a dozen times with different amounts of coffee and just couldn't get a strong enough cup of coffee. It was very thin. If you pack it too much it clogs your coffee maker and you need to take it apart to clean it out. Waste of money. We have found the filters work in a different Reusable K cup holder and do make cleaning it out much easier.
"This is the second shipment of this item. The critique that I have is concerning the packing of these shipments. Both shipments had leakage of the Cherry juice into the box. These bottles are plastic and were laid on their sides with other items on top. They could have been individually bubble wrapped which might have helped. UPS is not gentle with their handling of material and if liquids aren't properly packed, there will be problems."
"I tend to stay away from mixes in general so I can't say this has the quality of the real thing, but given my low expectations for corn bread made in a microwave oven, the Food-tek corn bread definitely surprised me and tasted pretty yummy. My daughter -who can actually have as much gluten as she wants- raves about it and loves that she can just pop a serving in the microwave and take it to school for lunch without any further preparation."
Some friends in the States were going through a difficult time and I wanted to do something to help. Being able to select a basket of goodies via Amazon was a wonderful answer to my problem. It was delivered ahead of time and all the family found something to enjoy in it. I was described as Mrs Anonymous as I hadn't worked out how to include a gift card. My friends were perplexed but it all added to their enjoyment.
"The tea tastes OK, but 80% of the bags are torn in the same place (a crease between the sides, on one side of the bag). If I don't check first, I have a cup of tea leaves floating around. I sure wouldn't buy this again. Typical Chinese quality. Now that I've seen the defective manufacturing process and lack of quality control, I'm kind of scared of what this stuff is made of (in China!)."
"I am laughing while writing this. You would NOT BELIEVE the sounds coming from my body today after eating one of these for breakfast! I feel I could float away, I have so much gas in me! They taste delicious! But this is one heck of a side effect! I've never tooted for 30 seconds straight before so it's quite amusing, but I won't be eating another one. I think I'll give the rest to people as gag gifts."
"Could potentially yield a quality brew if I knew what the hell I was doing. Definitely recommend for a beginner to homebrewing. The only advice from experience I can give is: ignore the directions provided where it says to use cane sugar in the wort. Use malt extract for that portion and then use corn sugar when bottling. Using cane sugar makes it taste cidery, and you'll end up with a little over 2 cases of off tasting beer, unless that's what you're going for."
"This will be a pretty short review. This granola is simply delicious. It's full of relatively healthful stuff and also has dark chocolate and strawberry bits in it. The milk turns a chocolaty brown color when added. I could probably eat an entire bag in one sitting, it's that good. It's also cheaper than the regular price of some of the store brands, which have larger boxes but often a lighter weight. This granola is seriously yummy. Highly recommended!"
"I ordered these to serve at a Thanksgiving get together but I had to throw them away. They were absolutely disgusting. Everything underneath the outside plastic was covered in a sticky mess. Every single candy in the box was sticky, as well as the trays and the entire inside of the box. It was as if all of the contents of the candy leaked all over the place. As I said, I had to throw them away and it was a complete waste of money."
"I love this coffee and when I bought it, I also bought another brand. The price, around $20.00 was for two boxes of the other brand. I thought it was a pretty good deal although you can sometimes find it for $9.95 each at Target. When they arrived, I discovered that I had paid for only one box of Breakfast Blend - a complete rip-off. Even directly from Keurig, it's cheaper. Will never buy this again."
"Taste is a personal issue so I won't comment on that. Just be advised that compared to the Fruit and Nut variety which, if you hold one sideways, will actually slowly fold over, these are thicker and MUCH more solid. If you have sensitive or loose teeth or maybe dentures, be forewarned. You should take your bites with your molars or break off a piece by hand just to make sure your chompers can handle it. I apologize to any dentists financially harmed by this review."
"Whole-wheat pasta is better for you. However, this brand, Davinci is an absolute ripoff. It is about $3 per box for only 12 oz. To give a perspective, one could buy 16oz boxes of whole-wheat spaghetti for $1 per box and it will taste just as good. One would think that the pasta is organic at this staggering price, but no it is just regular whole-wheat pasta in a small 12oz. box. This is definitely a case of not getting what you pay for!"
"I am addicted to this stuff. Price wise, I can buy this at WalMart for $3.50 a package, and using coupons I can get that down to $2.50 a bottle. So now I just buy 6 or so at WalMart when I start running low. I have bought a hundred of these and they are always in good condition with no lumps and alway filled completely. What can I say about a creamer except I love the taste!"
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"I first purchased these Sahale snacks at Costco, and quickly became addicted to them. When I couldn't find them any longer at Costco, I searched the internet for these tasty snacks. I was delighted to find them available at Amazon.com. When they arrived, I opened a pack, and was surprised at how hard the dried cranberries were. The flavor was still good...the nuts still tasted fresh, but the cranberries took some effort to chew. I hope this was just a bad batch, purhaps others are better."
"This should be called Sad Baby--it's awful. My baby absolutely hates it! I tasted a tiny bit and it was bland to the point of gagging. Besides I assumed (wrongly obviously) that Stage 3 food--for babies 7+ months--would have some chunks of real food. Unfortunately, it's just glop, and unfortunately, incredibly tasteless glop. I tried other flavors from this brand and they were just as disgusting, my baby wont eat any of the flavors at all."
"I do not eat potato chips very much anymore so I bought Popchips to see if it was a good product. After eating two bags and giving a few to friends/co-workers I think they are above average. My friends/co-workers liked them. Still processed food but better for you than regular, oily potato chips. For what they are they work. The price is OK. Maybe they are more expensive to make so not a big hit here."
"I'm still trying to find a replacement for First Colony French Roast coffee which is now out of business and will continue to try the various coffees that are featured on Amazon. This one isn't it! The coffee isn't as rich and full-bodied as I would like and adding additional coffee to the coffee maker doesn't seem to make a difference. It's not a bad coffee, but------------ My next try will be the Weaver's which Amazon delivered last week."
"...and yet another recipe, even easier: Pour as much of whatever milk you like into a microwaveable mug. Drop in 1/4 of a disc. Microwave until YOUR microwave gets it as hot as you like. Stir with a spoon (the chocolate will be all nice and melty) until it mixes up. Kids might appreciate one extra tsp. of sugar, but I like it like this. Good, good stuff. Abuelita is good too, but this just that much better."
"I read the comments and decided to order as I always try to eat healthy foods, but this STICKY (and I mean sticky-I know it's in the title, but this is really, really sticky) rice had no flavor what so ever! I loved the fact that it was a quick meal, but will never purchase it again. I thought that it may just be me and my taste buds, but my son tried it and hated it! Wish I didn't purchase a box full!"
"This is an excellent little zero calorie energy drink. That's right ZERO and it works. It contains a lot of good natural products that would probably benefit you if you bought them from a health store such as Niacin, Vitamin B6, Folic Acid, and B12 as well as some caffeine which really gives you a little kick and helps you jump start your day. Overall I think this is a great product and only down side is I just wish 'the kick' lasted a little longer."
"My friend has twice bought these kits for her sons--mainly because she wanted the cute box they come in to use as lunchboxes, but they've also made the cookie mix. It seems to have been a fun activity and the boys were proud of having ""made cookies."" But having tried them twice, I have to say, these are some of the yuckiest cookies I've ever eaten. The soft texture is nice, but they taste like some off-brand cookie you'd get at the dollar store."
"I usually order the Organic Nature Select Applesauce from Gerber, however I thought that this is the same product, only DHA enhanced. The DHA is derived from Tuna Oil which is not so bad, however it also contains Gelatin, derived from pork, not vegetables!. The product ingredients above does not state that, and is very misleading. I didn't notice this until my 3 year old ate 3 containers of it! I ended up throwing out the rest of the box that was purchased."
Every year for Christmas I have given my boyfriend different gourmet brands of hot chocolate as stocking stuffers. However three years ago I got Bellagio hot chocolate and that is the ONLY brand he wants. He especially loves the caramel praline and the chocolate truffle. They are smooth and wonderful in warm/hot milk! It's never an over whelming or under whelming flavor. Always delicious. Whether you are sipping it reading a book or having it with friends after a great meal. I highly recommend it!!!
"I, too, think the 25% price increase for Big Easy Bold is out of line. But I disagree that the increase in the commodity price of coffee can justify it. The overall amount of coffee in k-cups is not large enough to have driven such a big increase. My other favorite k-cups are going up ""only"" 16%. I don't get it, and I'm not buying it... even though I enjoy the product. I, too, cancelled my order. So 1 star for the sticker shock!"
"Ok these trays are SMALL and better suited for small to medium breed doggies. They are each the size of a dime. They are bait tiny for my large breed doggie but he eats them and likes them, so they seem to please a dogs taste buds. I would not buy them again because they are too small for my dog, but someone with a little dog will most likely love them. They are also low fat so they are great for dogs on diets."
"I chose the diet soda. Notice that the total amount of the product is not written. I was perplexed at first, but then discerned that the product image clearly says 750ml. So at $8.39 it seemed to be a decent price. However what I received was a 500ml bottle. Not worth the hassle of returning for a couple of bucks, but an annoyance none the less. So beware when you purchase. I suggest you assume that you will receive a 500ml bottle."
"My dog used to LOVE these. I thought I was was giving him a great ""treat"", that was actually a supplement to improve his arthritis symptoms. Then, his liver enzymes were elevated, and he was becoming less active, and always thirsty. Thank goodness a friend sent me a link about the FDA warnings, 2-3 since, 2009! Hundreds of dogs have died,very painful and expensive deaths. If you love your dog-go to the FDA website yourself...and Do Not BUY these ""treats""!"
"I recently purchased a box of the Orchard Blend snacks from Amazon hoping that they would taste as good as they sounded. I was happily surprised to find this better tasting than I expected. There is great natural fruity flavor and crunch, and each bag is so full that I'm always amazed it's only 70 calories. I love what it says under Ingredients: ""Apples, Peaches, Apricots, and Nothing Else."" It's a fantastic all natural snack that really hits the spot."
"I found these for a great deal, using the Subscribe & Save option. I was completely excited to find this bargain, as we love Triscuits. Sadly, I found these virtually inedible. The taste is cloying (& I LOVE rosemary!) It was my mistake to buy such a large quantity without trying them beforehand. But, buyer beware - this may sound like a great combination but do yourself a favor first & buy a single box."
"I bought this cereal locally because it sounded good. Man, was I mistaken. It is like chewing on fireballs candy. I suppose if you like a burning sensation on your tongue when eating cereal this might be fine but I found it completely inedible. Simply disgusting and way over the top cinnamon taste. Really like chewing on a cinnamon stick or a fireball. I can't image who taste tested this. If there were zero stars I would give it that."
"Tried one and it was horrible. My son is 11 months old and have been eating cereals for a while (mix of Earth's Best and Gerber organic). This is the first one that he doesn't like. When I first opened the can, it smells like green apple candy. However, the taste does not have any apple flavor, or even ""grain-flavor"" like the other cereals but a little weird/chemical tasting; not exactly sure how to describe it. Back to Gerber & EB for my son..."
"I recently purchased two boxes of twinkies from American to be sent to Australia. Firstly they did not arrive within the time frame that was given to me (6 days after maximum date), even though I paid for express post. I was also not informed that they would be out of date by the time they would arrive here in Australia. When I opened them they had sweated inside the bag so they were soggy. Unfortunately it was a complete waste of money, never again!!"
"This cereal is great. I never get tired of it! The only downside (for me at least) is that it has soy lecithin. I am somewhat allergic and if I eat too much it upsets my stomach. I realize this is only an issue for a rare few of us, but a lot of ""health conscious"" companies consider things like soy, gluten, etc. Considering most people aren't allergic to soy, this cereal is definitely worth a try!"
"Though a little pricey for the size (reason for 4 stars), this was a fun item to buy. We had a great time on Christmas daring all of the family members to eat the different flavors that come in the boxes. These are Jelly Belly jelly beans with flavors like vomit, soap, ear wax, booger, etc. My son swears a bubble came out of his mouth after eating the soap flavor and drinking water. Great for all Harry Potter fans that enjoy a good laugh."
"I have ordered 2 orders of this thing - i.e. a total of 8 cans of McCann Irish Oatmeal. When they arrived, all cans were lighted dented one way or the other. But I have checked the sealed foil for each one and every foil was intact - it's perfectly sealed. The expiry date for all cans is March 2012. Apart from that, I am completely satisifed with the quality of this oatmeal and the delivery time."
I wish I had come to the Amazon site before purchasing this product at my local Wegman's. The 'Product Of China' was printed so small it was easy to overlook. I am a little shocked that Wegman's (a local chain store known for quality) was selling these 'treats' in a big display. The half open package is going in the trash and unopened bag is going back to Wegman's for a refund and a piece of my mind.
"It looks and smells really good. It has no harmful additives. It is in a cute package. It has names of food that I like. If only my cats could appreciate all of the above qualities! I wonder if other people's cats do. I couldn't find any fault with the food, but then again, I'm human. I'd say it probably depends very much on what your cat's taste is. If your cat enjoys fresh organic food... then buy this. If they like Fancy Feast - don't!!"
"This formula is too gritty. I get the hemp seeds stuck in my teeth all the time. The chocolate taste is more caroby than anything. After trying many of the chocolate protein shake brands on Amazon.com I highly recommend this one: <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000LVH4EI"">Jay Robb - Whey Protein Chocolate Flavor Powder -12 oz</a> It has 25g of high quality whey protein with only 1g of carbos because it's sweetened with Stevia. Plus, the mix is really smooth and creamy unlike Nutiva."
"I have begun buying Slim Jims in a large box to save money over individual purchase by the stick. Part of my low carb diet. They make a good between meal snack and the .28 ounce size works well. I suppose you either like the taste or not. I like the spiciness as compared to Jack Links, but the texture (finely ground and extruded into a stick) seems a bit less like real meat. All in all, a good product."
I am a Starbucks coffee drinker. I like my coffee bold and tasty with a kick me out of bed. Jet Fuel is it! My brother introduced me to it and I love it. Starbucks has lost a customer. I don't need to pick up a good cup of coffee at starbuck as long as I have my jet fuel. The price is fantastic. I even save money. HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT IF YOU LIKE BOLD TASTING COFFEE.
"I just got a bottle of this, hoping to use it in cocktails, sodas, etc. I haven't tried using it as a mixer yet, but I have been just adding it to seltzer water to make an Italian soda (I call it ""fairy soda"" for my young nieces). It is very sweet (which is why I'm deducting one star) and not sure how it would hold up against other flavors, but even simply as a flavor for soda water, it's very refreshing."
"Even though the shipping was super fast, it was not as good as I hoped it would be. I'm pretty sure I only received a pound and a half - definitely not the full two pounds - which I guess is fine because I don't see myself finishing what I was given. The flavor itself was decent but no where near as good as dried papaya can be. It didn't seem all that fresh, either. I probably wont be reordering this item again."
"My daughters(6&8) Love the Berry Blast oatmeal packets...not so much the Caramel Apple. It seems that I have a stockpile of the caramel apple in my pantry! Also, I usually end up making 2 packets for healthy, active girls. It would be nice if they sold just the berry in a box and added a little more to each packet. That being said, we love the product and support organic growing methods whenever we have the opportunity."
"I've tried ordering several types of snacks from Amazon, and invariably the contents have more broken and crushed pieces than typical at a grocery store. It's not really their fault--- package shippers just aren't designed to handle these items carefully enough to prevent breakage. As for the snack itself, it gets props for good taste, using some wheat flour and some real fruit, but still too much sugar, too little fiber, and unnecessary added fructose to have it rate as a healthy snack."
"There has never been a more clever design for candy than the m and m. The hard candy shell allows it to survive in harsh climates that would ruin chocolate exposed to the temperature highs and lows. If you can eat just a few, then this should be a part of your home like that container of pretzels. If, on the other hand, you like to take a container and camp out in front of the tv or computer with them, then the calories start climbing..."
"I bought these several days ago from our local supermarket and was very disappointed. The nuts were chewy and slightly soft..is this normal and yes they were months from expiration. Yuck at the softness, however. Then there was a strange texture of hard, little bumps on this softened nut..another yuck. The taste of the flavors blended wasn't my thing either..all wrong in my opinion. I gave it a two because it was edible but will never repurchase."
"Harney & Sons Paris tea is what first got me hooked on tea, so I thought I would try a couple of their other flavors. This one is pretty delicious. I'm not sure how, but the vanilla flavor somehow makes the tea taste thicker. I know that sounds weird, and maybe not super delicious to some of you, but I mean it in a good way. :) I guess it makes it taste more luxurious...like the consistency of good hot cocoa."
"Is this the rich man's Peanut Butter Cap'n Crunch? Or the poor man's Honey Nut Cheerios? It tastes like the former, but looks like the latter. My wife and I dug into this one evening and, 24 hours later, have demolished it. It's not very ""peanut-y,"" except for the artificial peanut flavor (despite, strangely, the flecks of peanut glued onto each ""o""). If you're looking for sugar and aren't discriminatory in your brand names, it should satisfy your craving. Om nom nom!"
"I bought this dog toy in the smaller size, with great anticipation of finally having something that my 1/2 Yorkie-1/2 Shih Tzu wouldn't chew up and destroy in one afternoon. From that standpoint, I would say the toy was a success, because it actually took him about 24 hours to eat the ends out of the toy, nab the treat disk and be done with it. &lt;sigh> I'm still on the hunt for SOMETHING that Buddy can't destroy. This, unfortunately, was not it."
"THIS BAR IS SOOOOO Good! it said to heat it up to taste better but i just ate it out of the pack. It was very filling for me. It does taste just like a banana nut muffin, this bar was moist and soft. My husband loved the bar as well. I would take this bar on the go or just have as a snack. It was filling with a cup of coffee, i will be purchasing more. yummy!"
"I bake a lot of vegan cookies, quick breads and muffins... and pumpkin is a great ingredient to add moisture and flavor. My grocery store is out of canned pumpkin more than half of the time so I've turned to amazon, and discovered this brand in the process. The flavor is good and the price is great. I always prefer to buy organic over non so that's a big plus. I've ordered two cases thus far and will definitely reorder when I run out!"
"If you like snacks that are a healthier alternative to other options, almonds are a great way to go. These almonds are lightly salted and roasted. They are absolutely delicious. I could easily see getting in trouble with these since I could sit down and eat the whole can in a sitting and not even realize it. I snack on them pretty much every morning to tide me over until lunch without having to eat a big meal or something very unhealthy for me."
"This is the Best, Should go for around $3.50 per Jar (8.5 oz). I dont know if its the Asian community or what but the shipping price is Outrageous. I thought I would order a few extra jars,to offset the high Shipping cost and shipping increased big time, when I added more jars. All the other available sellers shipping price did the same. Its a 5 star product with a 1 star management behind it. They ship nuclear waste, cheaper than this :) (just kidding)"
"I was pleasantly surprised when I tasted the pleasing, slightly nutty flavor of this product. That's a plus because I really purchased it for its health benefits. It's yummy in yogurt, smoothies, and protein shakes. It's also good sprinkled on salads because of its mild, friendly flavor. BOTTOM LINE: This is now another staple in my home; it'll keep my liver from having to deal with the capsules, etc. TIP: Store it in the refrigerator or freezer."
"I recently tried Snapple Peach Tea and became hooked, never been a fan of peach in the first place. I jumped at the chance for the opportunity to try this flavor of Mio. Needless to say, it was a huge disappointment, as most Mio's have been to me (I LOVE the Fruit Punch). It's all peach, I don't taste any tea. Maybe it's meant to be squeezed into plain tea? But I have reservations about wasting a good cup of iced tea by adding this enhancer..."
"The two Carl lemon seasonings ARE DIFFERENT. Lemon Seasoning and Meat Rub AND Lemon Garlic Seasoning and Meat Rub both have the exact same ingredients listed and in the same order, but THEY ARE DIFFERENT. The taste is different and the size and crunch of the spices are different. I can't say which is better. It will take time. Actually I just bought Pappy's Lemon Pepper which has four types of peppercorn and lemon zest. I will update later."
My family is really happy that I found this tea on amazon. We all enjoy it. My favorites had been twinings english breakfast and stash's earl grey. This is now my new favorite and costs much less than Twinings. I've tried the Ahmad English Afternoon and it was just like Twinings' English Afternoon and was really good but I prefer more bergamot flavoring. I have not tried the Ahmad Earl Grey or thier English breakfast yet but can't wait to do so.
"I love tea, especially hot teas. Normally, I purchase my teas from Teavana; however, they have been out of my favorite strawberry white tea. Thinking this may be a good substitute,I purchased this tea. It turns bitter. It cannot be brewed longer than one minute, and goes bitter once it cools. This tea is the worst, and is money down the drain. It is so bad that I will not donate it to the food pantry. This is going to the landfill."
"I am in agreement with several of the users. I can buy any of these flavors for 4.99 online, at the manufactures website. Why would I pay 8.99 to 13.99 for the same. This is nothing but a customer advisory. Buy the syrups direct and save a bundle. As for the product, its a great product. Spending 99.00 on the machine means I have to drink a LOT of soda to equal 99.00 of sodas but it is more fun and a lot less waste."
"WARNING WARNING!!!! This is DOG Food, I fed my precious cat 10 cans of this, (he was not fond of it) before I realized it says DOG Food on the label in such tiny print!!! I have used Weruva products before that my cats love, especially the Asian fish but Amazon was back ordered so I ordered this because Amazon says it is cat food --WRONG. Buyer Beware!! I don't own a dog so I guess the neighbor's dog will enjoy some expensive food."
"This cereal has a pretty good taste for a healthy cereal. The subtle hint of brown sugar is really good. I also like how easy these are to eat as finger food instead of not so healthy munchies. The nutritional information is impressive--low fat, lots of whole grains, low sugar. It is still healthy cereal and won't curb my cravings for sweeter, not so healthy cereals, but it's not bad tasting at all. Health-conscious people will enjoy this cereal."
"I have tried original, BBQ and salt and vinegar. They all they good, the BBQ is the most flavorful. The salt and vinegar is a bit off, and it kind of has that ""hmm this taste like health food"". Which the BBQ doesn't have that effect at all. Though I'm still happy with my purchase. I have always been a fan of Popchips and always recommend my friends and family to eat this instead of their fried trans fatty chips."
"I really appreciate the ingredients in this gum, and the fact that it is more natural, but the flavor is only so-so. My kids haven't complained, but they are not picky when it comes to things like gum. I have had problems with it sticking to my teeth or fillings. That is not pleasant. But in spite of the down-sides, I will probably purchase this gum again because I don't like giving my kids artificial sweeteners, which are in most other kinds of gum."
"My dog loves these things, and I love that you can get almost 100 for about $20, if you went to a pet store you'd be paying at least twice as much for these things. I have a Yorkie, and I only give these to her every so often (I try to remember to give one every other day so she doesn't get fatter). I really hope that Amazon keeps them this cheap and I'll keep buying them"
"This is hands-down our family's favorite jerky. It is very flavorful and peppery but not hot (original flavor). If you like gooey jerky, you probably won't like this. If you like jerky that doesn't leave your fingers greasy but is a touch on the dry side - try it. I also have to say that I love these small, convenient 1oz single size servings - they are easy to slip into a bag and make a great afternoon snack."
The product arrived without much delay but when I compared it with same product I had bought locally I was surprised to see that the pieces were much thinner and smaller. The packaging was also different than what was in the picture. My dogs are not as interested in these as the locally bought ones. I would not by this product from this vendor again. Nor would I purchase other products from this vendor do to my experience.
"I'm giving this product 2 stars because the label says that 4 teaspoons of the stuff is enough to enjoy the taste. However, all 4 teaspoons did was produce brown potty water. I had to dump nearly half of the container into my cup just to get any flavor at all and I only had a small coffee cup full of water it's not like I expected 4 teaspoons to flavor a giant mug. Don't waste your money, buy a better brand."
"I just picked up a tin of this at the minimart because I didn't want chips and I was feeling adventurous. This stuff is surprisingly delicious! I don't like canned sardines, but I love those snack-packages of smoked salmon when I can get them, (which is not often) and this tastes closer to the salmon. Very tasty. The texture is nice too. I got full eating it on crackers with cream cheese, and there's still a lot left. It goes a long way."
"This is my first time trying these they are very tasty and I would recommend them. That being said, if you are trying to loose weight or simply watching your diet you probably wont want to eat too much of these outside of occasional use it not for the health-conscious. The young ones and even my husband enjoys these they are very very yummy even to eat dry as a snack. The crunchy nut and gloden nut are both very good."
I ordered these based on the positive reviews on amazon as well as I had been satisfied by other products by Kay's naturals. I found the cheddar cheese taste to be ok but the problem was that over 50% of the crackers in the bag have been crunched and it makes it difficult to eat. I canceled my subscription to the crackers. The box arrived intact and well packaged but the inside items were still crushed.
"I have tried several flavors of Larabar and I like them all well enough, but the Ginger Snap is my absolute favorite. It is delicious and satisfying. Larabars are sweet, but a lot of bars taste too sweet to me. Larabars are less sweet than some so someone who wants a really sweet snack might prefer something different, but I believe anyone who likes the taste of ginger would enjoy this bar. It tastes like ginger spice cake. I love it."
When i first found out about Ramune i was so excited and looked every where to get one. And when i did find it I bought it and drank it....But it was not what i expected it to taste like; It was more of a bubble gum flavor-Well thats my opinion. I though it would taste more like soda-But no. Anyways Its a good and fasinating drink. Plus when the marble goes down-Thats pretty neat. Recommended?....Yes!
"I like these noodles. They do not have the texture of pasta, but I grew up in Japan often eating osoba with these type of noodles, so it was very familiar. They also taste good with marina sauce and cheese. However, my body is not fooled by them. Less than an hour after eating a package, I'm hungry again. I tried having two packages at once, and I still get hungry. So they're a nice treat, but not helpful in trying to control my calorie intake."
"This is just fat, pure fat, made from soy bean oil. And, it's too hot for me. If you don't care how many calories you pour over your food, and that those calories are all fat calories, you won't care that this is so incredibly high in both. I don't like hot stuff. A little bit of tang is a good thing, but all I tasted in this is hot. I really didn't taste the flavor at all. This is a pass for me."
"I got 3 sets of food for my 6 month old to have some variety. I didn't realize kids are on stage 1 foods for a very brief period so we had to mix these stage 1 foods in with stage 2 and 3 foods to use them. I'm sure these are great if you have multiple children, but for one child, these packs are too large to get more than one, but one box doesn't provide variety..."
"This is a good product, don't get me wrong. I spread it on three-grain bread for a really nutritious snack. But of the three jars I ordered, one arrived totally broken with the product a mess in broken glass in the package. In my opinion, it was poorly packaged, just thrown in a USPS Priority Mail box too small for three jars with only minimal protection. No bubble wrap. Nada. To their credit, I complained and was given a 1/3 refund right away."
"Despite the fact that they try to hide it (each packet is 2 servings) a single packet contains 80% of the daily value of sodium, and you can taste it! If you spread one flavoring packet over enough noodles to make the salt level reasonable there's barely any flavor left! It's still a cheap way to get noodles if (like me) you use 1 flavoring packet of other types of Ramen for 2 packets of noodles and end up with excess flavoring."
"This isn't tea of a super high quality, but it's superior to anything that you'll find in a teabag (and much cheaper, also). For the price, you really do get a large quantity of tea. I've had this for a month now, and I probably drink this particular tea maybe 4 times a week, and I still really haven't made too much of a dent on the bag. The flavor's robust and 'smokey', it's not very delicate or fragrant, but still tasty nonetheless."
I thought for sure I was going to love this tea. I love licorice and I like my teas sweet. I was so disappointed in the flavor of this product! It has very little licorice taste and an almost sickening after taste and smell. I added sugar to it as I did not find it very sweet. I ordered the 6 box pack of this so I guess I have 5 boxes of it to give away
"I've never used this product before, but had a coupon so thought it would be worth trying, I looked at their site and checked to make sure that the protein was still adequate (which was 28%), when I got to the store, they received new bags, which is now only 22% protein, which is not enough meat to grain ratio. Theres better options on the merket, they make cost little more, but at least you're not getting jipped."
"There are no instructions as to how to prepare the bottle for use. It seemed straight forward but apparently I opened the hole too wide and instead of ""drops"" it poured out in a stream. It didn't go over well with my cat. It made a huge mess. Yes, maybe I bungled it, but how about some explicit instructions if it's so easily botched? I'm throwing the rest away. She'll never trust the sight of that bottle again."
"I really hate to give this food a one star, but my 4 cats simply won't touch it. They love the Nature Organics canned food, but won't eat this or any other flavor of Nature Organics dry foods. I want to feed my cats food with less fillers, but for now I am sticking with Royal Canin and Science Diet. It would be great if there were trial sizes of the dry food so that testing all the flavors was not so costly."
"I purchased this coffee after not being able to get any Kona Blend K-Cups. It wasn't really my first choice, but I am fairly pleased with the purchase. It is a nice blend, but not as tasty as the Kona Blend I enjoy. I will say that the price was reasonable compared to buying at a retail store, especially since this purchase qualified for free shipping. I might buy it again, but still prefer Kona Blend."
This is a great tea on its own or in a alcoholic concoction (Hot Toddy etc). The flavor profile is great and has an excellent bouquet. I would definitely recommend picking up some of this Cinnamon spice tea for holiday festivities as well. Note that like most Dilmah tea's the flavor profile is delicate and subtle as its goal is not to overpower so to those expecting a very strong flavor like those present in Tazo tea's then be warned.
"I bought this product because of all the great reviews. I like that it's all natural and full of protein. But when I try to give it to my cat, he doesn't go crazy for it. He does like other treats like chewy or crunchy ones. I'm not sure if it's the fishy smell/taste or the form, which is light and thin flakes, that he doesn't like. I give it three stars for effort because he does eat it reluctantly."
"I like the things the product does not contain, but the company missed one thing. A good taste. This jerky has almost a medicinal type flavor with a little heat thrown in to try and mask the awfulness. I could not be more disappointed in a purchase and would return to Amazon if I was in to cheap to pay shipping. I highly suggest you try and find this brand locally to test it out before buying the bulk here."
"While these cookies are very tasty, I would have liked that all the cookies in the package were whole. we have opened 4 out of the 5 packs each pack had almost half the cookies crumbled or broken. I found out about these cookies while on a Delta flight. The two pack in which I was given were not damaged I was given 4 packs in all and all of them were fine. The ship box could have been a little larger and better padded."
I am very pleased with this product and would definitely recommend it. All 3 of my dogs (2 Jack Russells and 1 dachshund) enjoy Newman's Own Dog Food and I liked knowing it was organic. The kibbles are a perfect size for easy chewing. My dogs enjoyed Newman's Own for about 3 months but then only nibbled on it so I decided to alternate it each month with another dog food to give my dogs some variety.
"I like this milk powder. My boys cannot drink cow milk and fresh goat milk can be hard to get. This does not get all clumpy in the can like some powdered milks and is easy to mix up IF you use WARM water per the directions. It has a nice taste, much better than canned and just as good as fresh. It has been very useful for traveling as you can mix up a cup or two at a time as needed."
We are a dairy free family and use Silk Pure Almond Milk everyday in our cereal and as a drink. Fantastic stuff! We buy both refrigerated and shelf almond milk. These are about the same price as buying it from the dairy section at the grocery store. We buy them for food storage. These came in handy for us this week when the snow came in. We didn't have to rush to the grocery store to buy milk because we were covered. :) I love Silk!
"I've been using the PB2 in my protein shakes and I've been quite pleased. When mixed in, the flavor profile is different than traditional PB such as Skippy or JIF, but still tastes like a quality, full flavored peanut butter. The flavor is potent, and one half serving is usually sufficient to flavor a smoothie made with 1.5cups milk/banana/whey. It mixes well and produces a consistency similar to that of regular peanut butter. At 45calories I've found it an excellent replacement."
"If you like a lighter coffee blend, then this one is a good choice. It is a breakfast blend, so the flavor will not compete with your food. The blend is smooth, not acidic and doesn't have an aftertaste. It goes well with cream/sugar. Equal to <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002APWQ0K"">Timothy's World Coffee, Kona Blend Medium K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50)</a> or <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VXHGE6"">Wolfgang Puck Coffee, Breakfast in Bed (Medium Roast), 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a>."
"I *loved* that Cascadian Farms used to sell an organic version of that perfect baby finger food - Cheerios. We bought it often, but were surprised and saddened to see the latest version sneaks in added sugar. Even my 2-year-old saw the change; after eating a few he looked and me and said, ""they are sweet!"" Of course, he's still a fan, but I will not be buying these again unless CF reverts to the old (perfect!) formula."
"I am a tea fan. I tried this tea both hot and cold. It is much better hot than cold. The tea itself is just your average black tea. Nothing special. It does seem to have an odd aftertaste. I like that the tea bags are individually wrapped and they open without tearing the tea bag, so that is a plus. But as far as tea goes, this tea is like other mediocre black teas I've had. Nothing special."
"pros: 1) 100% juice 2) no corn syrup 3) no extra sugar added 4) gluten free cons: 1) Cans are too small 2) Price way too high (probably because of the 100% juice) (you could get 24 cans of arizona ice tea at the grocery store for roughly the same price, and arizona cans are like 3x as big) 3) too sweet tasting, not that refreshing . In conclusion, I probably wouldn't recommend it."
"The price + being organic is what drew me in to try the Stash brand... but the taste is nowhere near the Jasmine tea that I can get at my local teashop. I have tried several different ways of brewing, and the sweet jasmine aroma & taste is barely discernible. It is drinkable though, and like I said, the price was very good. I hope to try the Numi brand next -- I have heard rave reviews about their Jasmine Pearl teas!"
I purchased 50 lbs of the Ladyfinger Popcorn It is awesome popcorn!! If you use 1/2 cup of popcorn in a pot and just cover with oil...leave the lid off until it starts popping then cover until it almost stops popping...remove the lid. It comes out perfect with hardly no unpopped kernels. I use an old pressure cooker pot with a hole where the gauge would go. Works Great!!!! I wouldn't buy any other popcorn... This is the best...small kernels...hulless...
"For the price, this is one great cup of coffee! I love the fact that the San Francisco Bay coffee cups for Keurig brewers do not have the typical plastic containers. I hate throwing away all that plastic. I tried washing out those little containers but that was such a pain! So these coffee containers make much more sense. The coffee tastes great and the aroma is even better than the original Keurig cups. This is a good alternative and a fantastic price."
"All I can say is that this product is outstanding. It's a great tasting source of high quality protein. My daughter loves it so much that she requests it above eating any kind of junk food. BTW - she is extremely skinny (4'8"" 48 lbs) and could use the extra quality calories to supplement her diet. I buy it for myself as a weight loss meal replacement. It is extremely successful in this manner or to be used as a diet supplement to add lean muscle."
"I do love my Keurig coffee machine, and have sampled a wide variety of coffee flavors they offer. This one is NOT one of my favorites. It's acidic, and that overpowers the vanilla and coffee flavors. You can do much better. The two best I've tried so far are Green Mountain Wild Mountain Blueberry and Gloria Jean's Mudslide (chocolatey). If vanilla is your favorite flavor, I would try the Green Mountain or Gloria Jean version, or one of the others."
I ordered 3 packages because i love this product. Order was received in a timely manner however I am very disappointed that the seller stooped so low as to take a marker and attempt to hide a year old expiration date! Starbucks however posts expiration dates inside on individual packets as 08.10.2011. I have purchased expired product before and to my taste could not tell any difference in this wonderful product. Just don't attempt to hide stuff!
"I cannot drink this and I have 48 cups of it to get through. The cinnamon is overwhelming, and there is no chocolate taste...at all. The coffee is definitively light, and I prefer a dark, robust roast. I shall donate this. I just hope if you like a strong cuppa joe, you don't purchase this. I thought it would be a nice after dinner coffee, but it tastes like someone opened my cinnamon jar and poured it into warm water."
"Thank you so much for having Riesen available on line. I have enjoyed these wonderful chocolate caramels for many years, and recently the stores in my town quit selling them due to lack of demand. Now I can still enjoy this chocolate treat without fear of giving them up. Riesen is perfect for any occasion, and I use them as cough drops. Just pop one in your mouth and let it dissolve for great, smooth dark chocolate."
"It's light and refreshing. I've tasted fresh coconut water right out from the coconut. The Western coconuts like the ones from the Caribbean are a bit on the salty side but the sweet ones are from the tropical areas in the Far East like Indonesia. So, comparing this to the Western coconut water, it's way better and much more refreshing. Comparing this to the Indonesian coconut water, it's below par. All in all, it's still pretty good."
"This is a beautiful tree. Perfect limbs, perfect trunk to height ratio, even had 3 bunches of olives on it, they died within a day, still its a very nice tree. Only problem is that it had lost lots of leaves during transit and continues to lose around 20 leaves every day. I have only had it for about a week or so and it will most likely be dead within the next week or so. Its sad, because it was such a nice little tree."
"Before buying these tomatoes, I bought a bulk order of some other sun-dried tomatoes that had been treated with sulfite. They stunk up my entire kitchen for weeks, until I finally threw them out without finishing them. In contrast, these sulfite-free tomatoes smell and taste like nothing but tomato. I am giving them four stars instead of five because they are so expensive-- I suppose all sun-dried tomatoes are expensive, but I hold out hope they will come down in price."
"Slim Jims may taste ok but that's because they are so greasy. That's what helps the flavor. I can't figure out why anyone would like these as I can't seem to chew them to a point where I feel comfortable to swallow. It's like eating a really really tough piece of gristle meat. The amount of fat, cholesterol etc is also higher than beef jerky. I'd rather eat beef jerky than this stuff. At least I can chew the beef jerky."
"I purchased this item when it was on sale. I wasn't certain if I'd like it but I've read so much about the health benefits of green tea I wanted to try it. This is a nice, pleasant beverage. The flavor isn't too strong. I add a packet of Splenda to make it a bit sweeter. The powder dissolves easily in cold water. The flavor is natural not fake. I was impressed enough with it that I have signed up for auto-delivery."
"I ordered this item at the same time that I ordered the Just The Cheese crunchy chip like snacks. I was pleasantly surprised by those, and hoped these would be just as good. I opened the first bag, and unfortunately they were not. I couldn't even finish the bag. I threw them out. I wish there was a way to get a refund for something already opened. I would advise to steer clear, and order their ""chips"" instead."
"This product is only worth three stars because of its taste. It's definitely not ""Movie Theater"" butter. It tastes nowhere near what the products at the movie theater taste like. That being said, it doesn't taste bad. It seems like a taste that will appeal to some people but not appeal to most. If you're looking for a butter substitute for your popcorn maybe try it, but if you're looking for that great movie theater butter taste you should look somewhere else."
"On its face, this seems like a quasi healthy alternative for breakfast, but no. This is something I ate before adopting a healthier lifestyle. Now I pay attention to labels, and I encourage you to read the nutrition label before making your purchase. If it still reads okay with you, then great. As to the actual taste, these are very sweet, especially if you add less water for a thicker consistency. They do keep you full for several hours, and hold you over."
"What a great snack! I love these crispy, crunchy, treats. Packaged in a single serve bag, I buy these by the pack of 24 assorted flavors so I have them on hand whenever I feel the urge to snack. Unfortunately my family has discovered how good they are so they are now going faster than I had anticipated. Time to order some more! All the different flavors are seasoned just right--not too salty or spicy. I love Popchips!"
"I have been trying to find a good brand of jerky that I don't have to order online. I finally tried Jack Link's original. Way too sweet, doesn't taste like meat, and most of the pieces don't have the texture of meat. At times, I thought I was eating plastic. Or some soy meat-substitute. I couldn't even make it through the whole bag. I miss the original Pemmican..., before ConAgra sold the brand and it got ruined..."
"I was shocked how quickly this product came. I saw these on Dr. Oz and wanted to give them a try for a chocolate snack to cure my cravings for sweets. They are quite bitter though. I know dark chocolate with cacao can be more bitter than milk chocolate but I wasn't expecting it to be so hard to take. The seller's service was great, but I don't know that I will order these again due to the taste."
"I love this tea and drink it all the time. The taste is very nice and I do not even have to sweeten it or use lemon, as it has an almost sweet taste all it's own. I take alot of medicine and have much trouble with my bowels. When I drink 2 cups of your Senna tea I am opened up within 2 hours. Thank you very much, I would not use that much laxative. Pat Kamadulski"
"I wanted to make some nutritional pancakes to eat, so I combined the buckwheat flour with all purpose and it came out to be a big mess! The buckwheat flour was gummy, I was so displeased with my pancake mix, I threw it in the garbage and the buckwheat flour included. Perhaps the flour was not good or something, but the recipe that I followed was from a well-known sight and the pancake mixture should not have been a problem."
"I'm based out of Indianapolis, so I got really excited to see a local roasterie here on Amazon! Their Kenyan is one of my favorite flavors since you get a big bold flavor, some of the spicier notes typical of the African coffees, and a very smooth finish. Unlike some of the other coffees, though, this particular one does not stay as amazing as it cools, so I tend to avoid using it for cold drinks."
"After reading several reviews, I thought these would be good, but decided to buy a box at Meijer before I bought in bulk on Amazon. I'm glad I did. They have a grainy texture and are not very chocolate-y at all! I bake a lot of my own gluten free, sugar free treats, so maybe it's because I was expecting them to taste like what I usually bake, but they are not very good unless you are used to more of a chocolate flavored cardboard bar."
"I'm not sure why people are giving this such poor reviews. If you dont like the taste, stop buying the healthy version of the product!! That being said, I love this flavor and I dont think it tastes any different from the ""original"" that everyone is complaining about. This is a great value considering the fact that each box costs around $5 in stores. If you like this oatmeal, buy this bulk pack! Its a great value!"
"The flavor is great at first, but doesn't last long. If you're going for a long-lasting gum, this one isn't for you. But, it does stay soft a long time, and fights cavities. Also doesn't have Aspartame like other brands like brands of sugar-free gum. Great to give your kids after meals to fight cavities. I bought the XyliChew mints also, the mints are great & have the same amount of xylitol as the gum. I would buy the mints again."
"I was disappointed in the packaging as the Oats were in a simple plastic bag that was overfilled and a plain cardboard box that barely held together. When I opened the package, the oats spilled all over because the plastic bag ripped from the excessive bulge . I had to do a bunch of unnecessary cleanup that could have easily been avoided with proper packaging. Will not order any more oats unless vendor sends me a complementary package."
"These are absolutely delicious. I like the white chocolate, I like the white and milk chocolate combos, and I like the peanut butter, but they are really all incredible. I like to cut them in half with a very sharp knife. The trick is not to overdo it, but that is true with most great chocolate products. Lindt has been as good as it gets for at least 26 years that I am aware of and enjoying, and I'm sure much longer than that."
"I Recently bought a 3 pack of this coffee at Bed Bath and Beyond. As its brewing, it smells great (if you like coconut). The taste isn't bad, but for me, it has that artificial after taste that many flavored coffees have. I gave it 3 stars because it's not terrible. But I wouldn't buy this coffee again. If you're sensitive to after taste, I wouldn't recommend. I'd Grab a dark roast and throw some fresh coconut in there instead if you want a coconut coffee."
"This is good loose leaf tea and the packaging makes this tea a very good purchase. There are three packages so while using one the other two stay fresh, the package has a zip lock thing to help preserve freshness and the bottome is fasioned so that it can stand up like in the picture. The tea itself is very good, but you must remember that this is Jasmine green tea... All in all I am happy with the purchase."
"First tried the Refresh flavor and loved it so I wanted to try the sampler pack and so far it is great! I actually bought it from Whole Foods on sale, 2 for $6 and had two one dollar off coupons! So when I saw this price I thought I would let people know it is HIGH! Especially if you can get it cheaper at Whole Foods!! And, as another reviewer mentioned the assorted box has only 20 bags not 24."
"I have been using this stuff for about a year and I loved it. Now I don't know a lot about this Dr. Mercola, whose newsletter I receive periodically, but you owe it to yourself to at least read the article and make up your own mind. Google Dr. Mercola, click on his newsletter, and read the Agave article dated March 30. Also check out the comments. I for one, am going to stop using this product."
"I am a fan of this mustard bath, especially when I feel a cold coming on or need to relax muscles that are sore. It helps me sweat while in the bathtub and usually the next day my cold is gone. I love the smell of the mustard and wintergreen but don't like that I need to scrub the tub right after as it makes an orange color ring around the tub. It is easy to remove so don't worry."
"I love this tea. I am disgusted by the appalling mark-up this seller has put on it. A one pound bag of this very same Mighty Leaf Organic Earl Grey, loose leaf, is available directly on their Mighty Leaf website for $24. I love shopping through Amazon; it is simple, and I (generally) feel secure that I'm getting competitive pricing from an array of reputable dealers. I often don't bother comparing to outside sources... in this case I'm glad I did!"
"This is the most conventient ""salt pig"" I've ever used. Traditional pigs are always open and stuff gets into the salt. Other containers require two hands or two steps to remove the lid and get at the salt. This one has a convenient, attached cover that won't get lost or dropped and is easy to use one-handed. The included 1/2 teaspoon spoon is not of much use, but is stored out of the way so it really doesn't matter."
"I've started using 5-hour energy pretty regularly (2 days a week or so). I have a newborn and a 2-year-old at home, and a job that requires mental alertness, and 5 Hour Energy really does a great job of eliminating my fatigue without making me feel overly-caffeinated. And then 5 hours later I'm fatigued again - but no worse that I would have been without it. As near as I can tell, it's a product with a great benefit, and discernable side effects."
"Our family found Stash's Double Bergamot in a grocery store, tried it, loved it --and lost it. Seems stores have limited shelf space and rarely carry ""specialty"" items like the Double Bergamot Earl Grey. If you like Earl Grey, you will adore the Earl with Double Bergamot. Very distinctive flavor. Unique! Thankfully Amazon sells the six-pack of this special tea, which we get on automatic delivery so we never run out. Priced better than the local stores."
"Have been eating this popcorn for years. However, the last batch I received from Amazon was really strange. Most of the 60 bags had no flavoring at all and had to be thrown out. I did contact Jolly Time and, at their request, mailed some defective bags back to them. They did seem concerned, but I never heard anything further from them. I was reluctant to order Jolly Time again and have since tried Quinn's. It's more expensive but worth it."
"Nice vanilla flavor, lots of crunch, but the smaller bits get soggy quickly in milk. The taste and texture remind me of Team flakes, which I don't think is made anymore. This is nice as a sweet snack, and would make excellent marshmallow Krispie treats. It'd also be good crushed as a topping for ice cream or in a pie crust in lieu of graham crackers. It's good when a food can do double-triple duty."
"I started a LID for my dog when after a regular yearly check up, my vet noticed that her paws were tinged a redish color. The vet said that it was probably an allergy to something in her food and suggested a limited ingredient diet. We have been using this food for about 4 months now and we have noticed remarkable results. She no longer constantly licks her feet and they are returning to their normal color. Worked perfectly for our dog!!"
"I love movie theatre popcorn and if you read posts on how it's made, the secret is using coconut oil and flavoring salt. What you have here is all the contents needed in one simple package. I have tried other brands that have the same three key ingredients, but this brand is BY FAR, the closest thing to movie theatre popcorn as you'll get. This is it!!! If you want the same taste as the theatres, look no further. Great Northern is the brand!!!!"
"I got the peppered flavor and it tastes awful. It's spicy as heck but the pepper taste is so overwhelming that it totally ruins it. I got through about half a bag and not more then 2 pieces at a time. Totally disgusting. I like beef jerky and Jack Link's especially, just not this flavor. Anyone who is a health nut may not like this because it's loaded with MSG, though I think most beef jerky is."
"You pay for what you get. This product is Pure CoCoNuT water...It does taste Authentic If that's what you Like But it was not for me. I Love the Vita CoCo though, The mixed drinks are more what I prefer. But I was expecting something a little more pleasant but it's a bit tart and diety?(if that's a word)But It is no doubt good for you and 100% better than Sports as far as Rehydration and Regulation of ur BP.I just don't like the Taste =("
"This product is more applesauce than anything, as another reviewer wrote. I specifically ordered the berry hoping for some actual berries. The product came out looking yellowish, like apples. I am wondering how many berries actually made it into the product. That said, it's good tasting and it's good for you. It's organic puree and it is very convenient. But, as the other reviewer noted, the product that is named after a little rabbit is far superior in its mixture of fruit and consistency."
"I ordered these because of their great price on amazon at the time. I think they are okay, but the suggested cooking time is too long (I cook them 5-10 seconds less than recommended) and they do seem to have a 'chemically/processed' taste to them. Also, I really don't like heating/microwaving plastic, as the bowls are made of. Good in a pinch if you're craving a molten chocolate type dessert, but I wouldn't buy more than one at a time again."
"The crab meat layer on top is about a 1/4"" (I'm being generous in my measurement)w/ the rest being tuna and a substantial share of broth. Of course my cats loved it and each devoured a whole can. I felt it was quite overpriced for tuna and will not purchase again. I think it's much more cost-effective to buy a can of Phillip's crab meat from the grocery store so my cats and I can both enjoy it."
"I was referred to this particular chai after trying another that was just too weak and boy was I disappointed. I'm not sure what these other people are use to, but this brand of chai was WAY too sweet. It was as if someone dumped a half cup of sugar in there. I was so looking forward to this and just couldn't choke down even one cup. I'm going to leave the entire box on the counter at work and hope it disappears."
"This is hands down one of the best coffees I have ever had. Not bitter, smooth, wonderful full body flavor and not acidic. I was surprised when I opened the can, the grind is very fine, finer than what I would consider using for a drip coffee pot. I just used less grounds to adjust for the fine grind. I think the Amazon price is high. I usually purchase this at my local grocery for $12.99 per can"
I ordered these cashews at the same time I was ordering several packages of the dry roasted almonds (which are exceptionally good!). The major quibble I have with the cashews is that they do not last. They are addictive and possibly the best cashews I have ever had. The same item(s) are available at WalMart online but cost about $2.00 per unit more when using their home shipping option...which is the point since they are not carried in most WalMart stored.
"WEll.. going off of the other reviews where their kids loved them etc...I do not like them and neither do my kids or grandkids so far. Sorry. I'm sure they are healthy, however.. I was disappointed thining they were freeze dried Edemenis or something like that.. not a formed cracker to taste and look like a snow pea ?! sorry, but these 11 bags are going back.. I'd be sending the full 12, however... one bag was opened and then the hubby tossed it after awhile..."
"I love pears--fresh, juicy, and crisp! This matcha captures the flavor of a perfectly ripe pear well, and it tastes pretty true to life. I think the matcha itself is really the star of the show, the grassy green tea flavor goes so well with fruit flavors, and pear is no exception! It reminds me of summer, warm days and cold fresh fruit and cut grass. A good, basic flavor, that will be great for blending with other types of matcha."
"It has a sweet aftertaste that I just can't tolerate. I made it once with a press and then I tried it again with a filter in my regular coffee maker. I just can't stand the taste. I'm throwing it out. I'm glad I bought one bag to try from my local health food store instead of buying a three pack here. I want to cut back on coffee, but I'll stick with my tea. This stuff is just awful."
"Son loves these, these actually taught him how to chew. We thought he didn't like them at first, but after a few tries he was not afraid of them anymore (these were his first non-pureed food) and now he crawls to the pak and begs for them and wants lots at a time. These are organic and so much better for kids than Gerber Graduates yogurt melts which contain food coloring and other additives.. We will be re-ordering these very soon!"
"We bought this just to try it out, and ended up throwing it away after attempting to use it once. This stuff is impossible to squeeze out, and the only reason we were finally able to get anything out of it was because we cut part of the bottom off and squeezed out out of there instead. Pointless. Go with the original stuff in a can, or just get natural peanut butter and use a knife to put it in the kong (thats what we use)."
"I am Japanese and I love Soba noodles. In Japan, most common soba noodles are made of 80%-100% buckwheat. Buckwheat has very distictive aroma, texture, and taste. This product is obviously not soba noodles. The ingredients say whole wheat and buckwheat but it must be mostly wheat. I did not smell or taste buckwheat almost at all. Texture is much like that of udon, which is wheat based noodle. This is whole wheat udon noodles, not soba, the buckwheat noodles."
"I am so glad Kraft makes organic mac & cheese! Tastes just like their regular mac & cheese. A welcoming aspect for those going or gone organic! Especially since most healthy foods are lacking in taste. A delicious side dish or even as the main dish. An excellent source of protein! Being organic it is healthier for you, Without processing & chemicals. Toss in some chicken or tuna for variety. Excellent for kids of all ages!"
"My two cats did not like this stuff at all. I thought I would treat them to a more pricey organic food and they would love me for it...not so...one looked at me like I was nuts...she wouldn't go near it, the other gave it a try and barfed right in the bowl. The chicken and brown rice had a very fishy smell, not good. Sorry Paul, great dressings but the cats give you a thumbs down."
"Very easy to fix with a can of tomatoes and some chicken, pork or shrimp. The seasonings are flavorful and the rice cooks up nicely, unlike instant rice which has an odd extruded look and feel. It is quite salty though - more salty than I like. I have been using sodium free tomatoes and, of course, not salting the water. I will eat the boxes I have but will not order more due to the excessive salty taste."
"At first I was concerned because the jelly was kind of runny. I hadn't opened the jar yet and was considering returning it for a refund, but after a few days in the fridge it gelled up just fine. Red currant is my favorite jelly because it has so much flavor and a bit of tartness. Mrs. Miller does it up right. The only drawback is the small size--I'd like to see it offered in a 12 or 16 oz jar."
"I bought these macarons through Groupon and only spent $24. When they arrived, the cool pack was warm to the touch. The macarons were wrapped in plastic in sets of 12. I was excited to have that fresh macaron taste, but I was sorely disappointed. They lacked the typical moisture and the flavors were a bit bland. Even though I put them in the fridge, they are getting harder and less tasteful by the minute. I guess nothing beats fresh macarons from Paris!"
"Switch Kiwi Berry is quite delicious, the flavor is very enjoyable. The only complaint I would have with this product is the addition of ""natural flavors"" which unfortunately is a very misleading term and can be very unhealthy substances but we don't know what they might be hidden under this generic term the government allows manufacturers to use. Still, from the ingredient list, this appears to be far healthier than almost all carbonated drinks currently being sold."
"So i probably was a sucker for buying these in bulk, but they arrived as it said it would ship. Opened the box and they were kind of wet. six boxes of cherry. opened one and it was half mush, and smelled funny. Tasted really bad. Then i looked on each box, and they were past the expiration date by quite a bit. threw the whole things out. kind of never want to try cherry flavor again. seller should know better."
"I have cancelled my ongoing delivery of this coconut milk because all the cans in the last two shipments have had congealed coconut at the top with a little liquid remaining underneath. The coconut milk can be re-emulsified but still clumps and has to be opened with a can opener. I used to just puncture the lid and pour it. The flavor is fine and I really like the product when it is in its ""correct"" condition."
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"Personally I tasted more apple/cherry than just straight cherry and it was a smidge too sweet for me. However this being said, if you're going to try and cut back on your pop intake and want to put something more natural in your body, I highly recommend this as a starting point. Even if there is still natural sugar in the can, there is also the benefits of having natural juice and vitamin c which aren't found in most pops."
"I am no expert when it comes to coffee and of course everyone has their own preference as far as strength and tastes go, but I really enjoyed this coffee. I typically do not like flavored coffees or creams, but the hazelnut is very mild and does not overpower the coffee. My wife enjoys it and the price is very fair. Also I like the smaller size of the bags because they wont sit around for a long time losing flavor and freshness."
"...is that it tastes like vanilla coffee. Any richness or flavor inherent in the coffee itself is obliterated by the chemical bite of the fake vanilla. I just don't think there's any way around it. Whether the coffee is decent Starbucks brand (and I'm a Starbucks drinker, admittedly), cheap grocery store brand or some kind of high-end bean, the result is the same: it's always going to taste like something you'd drink for free at a continental breakfast bar at a cut-rate hotel."
"I've been using this product for a couple years now--one packet each morning in my coffee. I've never experienced any of the digestive issues or tasted any kind of after taste with it. The packets are convenient and easy to carry with you. My only issue is that in the last three boxes I've ordered, I've had several packets that were empty. I'm guessing something's off with their quality control in the filling process. Hopefully, they get this fixed."
"While I think this coffee is delicious and rich tasting, I would not call it a french roast. I know many places that would not even call it a full-city roast. The beans are medium brown, with a little bit of oil. I would have expected much darker, oilier beans from a french roast. There is no smoky or burnt flavor to it at all. I really do like it, but I would have called it a breakfast blend, not a french roast."
"My yorkies absolutely love this food. Originally, I purchased this product because it was free of ingredients that would cause allergies. Subsequently, I have learned that my dogs do not have food allergies but I kept them on ZiwiPeak because of its high quality content and delicious taste. It is very expensive but I believe my yorkies are more than worth it. I highly recommended this product to any dog owner who wants the best food for their pet."
"I didn't mind the taste of this very much - it tasted like Minute Maid OJ mixed with soda. My husband couldn't stand it at all. My only issue with this was that it was a heavy-syrup sort of flavor that was a little overwhelming. If there was a better balance of flavor to liquid to make it a little lighter tasting, I think this would be much more refreshing and enjoyable. Might be fine for kids though - since they like that sugary orange stuff."
"I don't think the packaging is misleading for this at all. Sunflower seeds are roasted in the shell, not without. If you wanted unshelled seeds, then look for a package that says that. You are not to eat the seeds with the shell on, so I feel really bad for the earlier reviewer who was having all the trouble. I wish that the low-sodium version was available for order, so I will only give this 4-stars."
"I have ordered this item twice and gotten two totally different results from it. The first time I bought it I was so happy with how strong the garlic flavor was balanced with the smokey flavor. The second time I ordered it, I had a totally different experience, NOT a good flavor at all! The second batch was bitter with an overwhelming artificial smoke flavor and almost NO garlic flavor. I was very disappointed and will not order this item again."
"This is delicious, and I signed up for the subscription delivery in order to enjoy it often. It's a healthy snack to bring to work or anytime, and it's exactly the taste I remember and have been searching for! The only problem is there are WAY too many bones, which is why I subtracted one point. The flavor more than makes up for all the bones, but still it would be such an excellent product without having to encounter all the sharp little jabs."
"I used the FRS powder for several months and had to stop using it because it caused stomach problems. I was using one or two packets per day (less than the recommended amount) and I even tried diluting it more than recommended to make it less strong/concentrated, but it still caused problems. The problems went away when I stopped drinking it. While I like the taste and the convenience of the powder packets, it's not worth the gastric disturbance."
"Some of the flavors, it's like the mush the entire fish into the can. Looks gross, smells super strong, and worst of all... My Nana-beans (yes a nickname, not her real name) looked at me like i was retarded when i tried to pass this stuff off to her as food.) I think it had no or only one of the chicken consomme. which is the only tiki cat flavor she'll eat. May I recommend Soulistic cat food, my boobie loves the pumpkin & chicken."
This tuna is sustainably caught and so far the only sustainably caught tuna that does not come in a can that I have seen. It tastes good and a lot better than canned tuna. This is important because I eat eat it from the jar. If I were to make tuna salad out of it I would opt for the cheaper canned tuna. My only complaint is that it is salty but I find most foods a little too salty.
"As a kid, I loved Kool-Aid and still to this day, the tast of Kool-Aid Lemonade brings back memories of Summer afternoons. But I'm just not digging this new Peach Mango flavor. It was quite peachy in flavor, I couldn't really taste the mango part of the drink. Apart from the easy to read and understand directions, I don't have too much to say about the drink. It just wasn't to my taste but others may enjoy the flavor a lot more."
"I had read that Monin grenadine contained ""No artificial coloring or preservatives"" as stated in the product description and other websites had stated the same thing. Not true at all. I just received my bottle in the mail and read the ingredients on the side, there is nothing natural about this except the sugar. Loaded with red 40 dye and artificial flavoring. If you are looking for a grenadine that won't dye your insides red I suggest making it from scratch."
"When I was a kid growing up, some 40 years ago, this was my dad's favorite raisin bran. It also happens to be my favorite. Grocery stores in Colorado haven't carried it for decades. The only place I can find it is Amazon. Sadly though, they seem to have a hard time keeping it in stock. Sometimes it is out of stock for months. But I guess it makes it that much more of a treat when it is available."
"I've wanted to find a stevia-sweetened soda for a long time, but I don't like typical colas or lemon-lime soft drinks. I had hoped this would taste a little more like that other, well-known Dr. drink, but to be honest it just doesn't. I guess my slight disappointment with that difference led me to knock off a star in my rating. All in all however, it's a good flavor. Bit of a cherry with a hint of citrus."
"10 years ago my daughter brought home Creme' Brulee' for the first time. It was perfect, beans to be ground. Since then I have searched for ANYTHING similar. When I realized I couldn't find it, she had forgotten what one she purchased. This one has a strong flavor, but it tastes fake with a strong after taste. Unfortunately it is one of the better ones. If anyone reads this and knows what ones (Carmel and Vanilla), taste great, please post here."
"I usually rail against processed foods, but every once in a while, I need a little break in the kitchen. That's where this mix comes in. It's got intense saffrony flavor, and good, al dente texture. You can even make it taste a bit more authentic by ladling in hot water or broth in small amounts (true risotto technique), instead of putting the 2 1/2 cups in at once and closing the lid. It will yield a creamier consistency."
"In my mind, coffee should be strong, bold, and well balanced. Not so much a slap in the face, but more a strong limb to grasp (I guess I'm feeling poetic). If you feel the same way, you may be a little disappointed with Dark Magic. While it comes close, it has a slight acidic after taste which I'm not fond of. In other words, it doesn't meet my criteria for ""well balanced"". I hope that helps."
"I was never a tea drinker so it took some getting used to at first, but the yogi ""get regular"" tea really works... just once before bedtime works for me! I've even eaten loads of vegetables, exercised, drank lots of water, etc. trying to ""get regular"" and this tea does the trick... Amazon has the best price on these teas. I'm now going to try the Yogi, ""skin detox""... hope it works as well as the ""get regular""."
"I have two small children and Zip Fizz gets me up in the morning. I first bought Zip Fizz at Costco, but wasn't a fan of one of the flavors that came in the variety pack. Berry wasn't available at Costco so on to Amazon I went. The berry flavor is my second favorite flavor after orange. My shipment arrived quickly which was a big bonus for this tired Mommy. Buy it, you won't be sorry!"
"All five of the Fancy Feast subscriptions I signed up for have been unreliable. Im October, I signed up for delivery every two months and received shipments only in October and December (it's now March 18, but I canceled all of my subscriptions yesterday). What was supposed to be 48-can cases Amazon turned into 24-can cases, with one flavor being canceled entirely. I was notified by Amazon that shipments would be sent in mi-February, but they never arrived."
my shorthaired german pointer brandi lovesssssssssssss these greenies i call them her suprises and she is so intelligent because i keep the greenies in one of my cabinets in the kitchen and brandi looks at me than she says mom can i have one of suprises and than she looks at the cabinet where the greenies are and than she looks at me shes so precious anyway shes goes absolutly nuts over these greenies and they clean her teeth and gumms and thats a good thing!!
"Well, it looks like they took my review off from last week. So, I will re-enter it. After buying 3 1 lb bags for all uses, my family decided to try a handful and everyone stated their throat burned including me. The company said they will refund my money and said they don't have preservatives in them. But, something is wrong. Your throat shouldn't burn after eating a handful of walnuts. Guess that is why they are such a good bargain."
"I was excited about this as a ""gift to give the person who has everything."" There's enough in the box, so i gave each row as a gift to someone (put it in a little bag myself). I tasted one, and was suprised at how much i liked it. I do find it odd they didn't verify buying age to make sure I'm over 21 - but whatever. Also, to recieve this package took about a month. Good thing i purchased it in enough time!"
"Been purchasing this product for years. I have enjoyed it's dark color and molasses like taste. I opened a new shipment this morning and immediately noticed that the color of the produce has changed. Instead of the usual dark amber color, the sugar is almost blond. Upon tasting it I found that along with the loss of color it has also lost much of it's unique taste. It's almost like using white sugar. I think this will be the LAST order from this supplier for me."
"I bought this product based on the positive reviews it has gotten here. My experience was the exact opposite of what others have said. While the texture of Healthy Top is great, I found the taste to be quite frankly pretty awful. I expected a nutty taste, but this is a very distinct, powerfully odd nutty flavor that I could not get rid of no matter what I added to it. My search for a non-dairy whipped topping continues..."
I consume a lot of ramen. My typical choices are either Korean brands or some other imports. Maruchan has always been a cheaper option for those of us who just want a piping hot bowl of noodles on the fly. I order this just like my other Maruchan orders to mix with different food or to serve with additional toppings. The price I paid at the time was cheaper than the store which was great but it has gone back up.
"The Canidae dog treats has been well received by my 1 year old Presa Canarios. The ""snap"" configuration of the treat works great since you can break off as much or as little as you want. I liked the nutritional content of the treats. So many times the dogs may love the treats but they are not the healthiest for them. These treats are good for them and they love them..... I have switched my dogs to the Canidae dog food as well....."
"This hands down is the BEST dog food I have ever purchased in the almost 50 years I have had dogs. My chubby Rat Terrier has easily lost weight on BLUE and is maintaining now. My dogs' coats are healthy. My dogs are active and healthy at 11 and 7 years old! Thank you BLUE!! And thank you Amazon for the free shipping. I can't lift more than 8 pounds, so shipping this to my home is a God Send:)"
"I signed up for this item under subscribe and save, and it was offered at a very reasonalbe price. I first experienced delays with the product that were very annoying. Then after I received a few shipments the price went up considerably, for the quantity I get, it rose over $20.00. I have done other subscribe and save items, and have experienced the same problem. It's very disappointing that Amazon can justify a price increase like this all at one time."
"I used it in a Moqueca which is a Brazilian Fish Stew, and it was very delicious. The problem I had was with the bottle top. The recipe called for 1/4 c of the oil. Unfortunately, I was unable to remove the plastic top which does not unscrew. It just has a flip top cap with a single hole in it and ended up just shaking it by drops into the measuring cup which was messy and a hassle."
"Chips were broken into small pieces. Problem isn't amazon's, it's Stacy's. Stacy (or amazon) needs to pack the original box of six better, the bags move around too much. There was room for at least two more bags in the box. Amazon packed the Stacy's box in their box very tight and good. I tried to complain to Stacy, they make it very hard, no luck. Chips taste great though, maybe I'll pour them in a bowl with milk for breakfast."
"This my problem with all of annie's products. Just because it is organic does not make it healthy. There is very little nutritional value to these crackers. There is no fiber and it high in calories, fat and salt. I wish amazon would list the nutritional value on the sight. If they had I wouldn't have purchase them. I do have to say that they are tasty. I'm to the point of making my own at home. Lots of really easy recipes out there."
"After having the sun-dried tomato spread on a bagel at Brueggers, I wanted to emulate that at home(no Brueggers locally). I though I had found a suitable replacement at a reasonable price but was very disappointed. This spread is MUCH to oily. Even after stirring and refrigeration, the oil still sits on top of the spread! So I now have most of one jar in the fridge and 3 jars in the pantry. Haven't decided what to do with them yet. Oh well, my quest continues."
"Bought this product as replacement for Senseo brand coffee pods in a Phillips Senseo HD7810. The pods were too big, and caused hot water to leak and spray out of the machine while in use! Made a mess, no injury/burns, but I will NEVER by these pods again. Putting the ""double"" tray in for a single pod led to no water pressure and a terribly weak cup of coffee. Better than hot spraying water, though!"
"Really High in salt (3,250 mg/box) and a third of the calories are from FAT. The package states that it contains less than 0.5% of MSG, etc....again with the neurotoxins!!! The flavor is not really cheesy as you'd expect from the hype on the box. The potatoes do remain firm though. It's hard to describe the flavor. Creamy yet artificial tasting. No, I really must NOT be sucked into buying these awful scalloped potatoes again. Buy it at your own risk."
"I didn't enjoy the flavor of this brand of Ganderma coffee. I saw this and thought I'd give it a try. However, my best friend tried it & loved it, so she took it all home with her to drink. She thought it tasted like a cappuccino. I started with Gano Excel Ganoderma coffee, but the price was too high. Now, I use the Diamond brand which is just as good, at less than half of the cost."
I bought these as a healthy alternative to all the treats my dogs eat. My dogs wouldn't eat them unless I put peanut butter on them. They are really good for your dogs and have very low calories which believe it or not is very important. Some treats out there are 500 or 600 calories a treat. I wouldn't purchase again becuase I found an alternative my dogs will eat that are the same calorie count as these.
"The flavors are kind of funky salt and pepper? Tastes like someone just pored a jar of black pepper over the chips and the salt and vinegar, thee two varieties just make one go yummm EWWWWWW tossed out those verities but the others were very good. Less chip and more like a cracker with a chip flavor. Still a good item but I wouldn't suggest the variety pack unless you living dangerous and have lots of water to gag them down with."
"...that will take you on a short, sensory vacation. When a family member first brought these home, I thought the chocoloate-salt combination sounded like some wacky novelty item. My opinion changed completely when I ate this. The chocolate is delicious in its own right, and the contrasting taste and texture of the large pieces of salt make for an excellent diversion from whatever is ailing you when you sit down with a piece of it. Try some: you won't be sorry!"
"I bought these on special when they were only about $13 for 24 .8 oz bags. It's an absolutely wonderful deal. But unfortunately I don't like them... at all! I've tried Salt & Pepper, Original, BBQ, Salt & Vinegar; but these are just awful! I've loved all the other flavors and I like Sour Cream & Onion chips normally, so I'm not sure why I dislike these so much. I'm hoping I can somehow return them."
"In the past I have purchased these cookie bars through Amazon and have had good business. However, Amazon has not kept up with the ingredients changing in these cookie bars. It is very important to me what ingredients are in the foods I purchase. I am not happy with Amazon's business this time. Ingredients change often! Amazon needs to keep up to date with the ingredients if they are going to have them listed on their website."
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"I am not picky about chewing gums, I don't remember to have ever found one I did not like. This one... well I cannot say I like. The tastes vanishes SO quickly you can barely realize what it tastes like. Literally, within a minute, any flavor is gone. The texture is harder than most gums, but that is not even the problem. The point is that it feels like having a piece of tasteless rubber in your mouth after 30 seconds of chewing. Not recommended."
"This is my favorite spicy mustard. After a trip to London, I couldn't eat any other mustard. When the product arrived I was very excited, but noticed there was a label covering the expiration date. I peeled it back and sure enough the mustard had expired in January. I still opened it hoping that there was nothing wrong with it. I've eaten enough of this mustard to know when it doesn't taste right. This did not taste right. I suggest you order from a different seller"
"I bought this because it was mini bags of ACT II popcorn ,which in the past the larger bags where very tasty and tasted fresh. These small bags however have a funny taste and taste old ( and the date on them is good for a long time) These are not a good fresh crunchy popcorn taste.All the kernels don't pop and if you do get them to then the bag burns.I won't buy this kind again.I stick with pop secret."
"So I love the strawberry Honey Bunches of Oats. I'm not a big cereal eater but I love that one. I discovered the peach one last year and love that one too. So I thought I'd try this one because hey, I love pecans. Nope. This one has a cinnamon flavor to it and I don't like cinnamon. Most people seem to so you may, but just know that this one has a different flavor to the cereal."
"I was never a pop tart fan, but on a lark and due to the coupon, I tried these. I was pleasantly surprised at how good they tasted. I would prefer more filling as you can barely taste it. The frosting is very light and adds a perfect sweetness. One package w/ coffee is a perfect quick breakfast. Since AMZ is now out of stock for this flavor, I ordered the apple frosted ones.I think the unfrosted might be too flavorless for me."
"I consume few cups of tea on daily basis. This is the most consumed tea all over the world and I consumed this for years but the taste is bitter for me now. I consume Kirkland Signature Ito En Matcha Blend (Green Tea), 100% Japanese Green Tea Leaves with Twinings Earl Grey Tea. If I have any cold or just do not feel well, I add some Cognac or Brandy to the mix and wolla, it is the best medicine out there for revitalization..."
My local health food store charges over $16.00 for a 2.5 Lb bag! To use in iced drinks I put it in a little water then microwave it and pour it into beverage. If you use too much it will cause a problem as the first person (from Maine) mentioned. Three heaping spoons in 16 oz would be too much if you drank the whole thing in one sitting. Two heaping spoons in 12 oz and your okay. Tastes great!
"These cookies are amazinggg. Theyre like 10 times tastier than the regular wheat animal crackers that come in the little boxes. The animals they make are the elephant, the lion, the bear(my favorite), the zebra, a camel, a furry cat, a circus cart, something im pretty sure is a fox, a monkey and a hippo. The cookies are a lovely snack and there is just the right amount in the bag. I will definitely buy these again."
"I like the Mocha's at Tim Horton's too, and this stuff tasted pretty good. I was just wondering if it contained any caffeine at all though. Couldn't find that information anywhere. I expected a mix of chocolate and coffee flavor, and it's heavily slanted to the chocolate side. It tastes like a cup of hot chocolate, which is OK, but I would've just bought hot chocolate if that's all I wanted. I rate it as just OK for now."
I thought I would try this stuff for my finicky dog who needs moist food along with his kibble. He was not a big fan of it and it was the most expensive moist food at Petsmart. The other problem is this stuff hardens up like concrete in his bowl. If he wouldn't eat the food in about two hours the stuff turned as hard as a sidewalk and I had to literally scrape it out of his bowl.
"My problem kitty seems to love this gourmet series from Fancy Feast. She can't have the bit sized version since her previous owner kicked out half of her teeth, but these have proven to not only put weight on her (she was starved when I got her), but also build up her muscle mass, increase her alertness, develop better skin tone, and well, you should see how shiny her coat has become with these foods. Great stuff, great job Friskies! Highly recommend!"
"oh how I love thee, my Dark Magic K-cup. I would count the ways but that might be a bit much. Bold and strong - not as bold as Double Black Diamond but in that ballpark. If you are a fan of SB Verona than you should like this too. If you like Nantucket, Breakfast Blend or Coffee Shop it might be too bold for you. It's perfect for a 12oz cup or even a 14oz travel mug."
"I've yet to run into a product where, after sampling, I'm asked to go buy more for the office multiple months later. Add to that the boderline health benefits that come from the dark chocolate and fuit filling, and you have the best of both worlds. The tartness of the fruit begins to overpower much of the flavor later, so you can't have more than a small handful, but they're so rich, you won't want to anyway."
"We made this for dinner last night. It was easy to make -- brown some chicken, cook some pasta, add the sauce. The *broccoli* was dehydrated flakes, the cheese sauce was not good, and there was too much of it. The result was a bland gluey dinner that didn't have much nutritional value. Although I doubt I will buy this to make again, if I did I would supplement it with fresh broccoli. On the other hand, the kids loved it."
"I have been using this trap for 30 years and it has always done the job. The trick is to know how to use the trap. You need to have two of them, each one going in the opposite direction in the tunnel. And it makes a big difference if you bait the trap before you place it in the tunnel. You want to attract the gopher to the trap, otherwise you will not be as successful."
"Dog loves these - and he's about an 85 lb chow/german mix, so the large size is good for him. I guess these are good and healthy for dogs - supposedly they are - but they're also pretty expensive. These are also chewy - so it only takes him about 1-minute to devour - so you may want to take that into consideration if you're looking for something that will last a little longer . . ."
"Originally I bought these candies for my children. That was until I got my hands on them. These gummi candies are the next best thing to chocolate and without all the fat! :) We love all the Haribo products but the cherries are my personal favorite. However, I enjoy the other products as well. One of the reasons I like these gummies as much as I do is the consistency. They have that chewy texture and they're not too soft. Yummy!"
"I've noticed little reaction from using this tea. Having used detox in the past, there were certain things I expected, even in a mild form, that never showed, so I am honestly unsure of any detoxing qualities of the tea. Also, it has a strong cinnamon flavor to me that was very unexpected and as I don't like cinnamon in a drink, unpleasent to me. But, if your looking for a mild detox stimulant and dont mind cinnamon, I'd say give this tea a try."
"My cat loves this food, I don't. I thought it was a premium cat food, and for the price it really should be, but looking at the ingredients label revealed it to be full of the same rubbish that supermarket brands have. It probably is better quality than most supermarket food, but it still contains all the things cat food shouldn't. My cat is just going to have to get used to eating the good stuff!"
"Just returned from a trip to Scotland where I was introduced to Branston Pickle by our most-gracious host. I love this stuff. It's got tang. It's got crunch. It's got lots of flavors. As a vegetarian I am always looking for ways to make vegetables more interesting. Due to the ridiculous weight and ""liquid"" restrictions on the airlines, I could bring home only one jar of Pickle so I am delighted to find it is available on Amazon!"
"This did not work for our puppy. It left her with quite the upset tummy. It was the food she came home from the breeder on, but something must have changed when she got home. We have since made the switch to eukanuba and she is a much happier pup! Plus, I am happier too since I'm no longer cleaning up after her all the time! As always, Amazon was great, but I would not recommend this food for your puppy."
"I can not understand why people think Hershey's chocolate is so great. It's waxy, salty tasting and has a texture like sandpaper. Pure garbage. Ship this stuff overseas and it'll sit on shelves with the other chocolate laughing at it for being the poor chocolate child made from ratty scraps. I've been to Hershey, PA and think that town is lucky they came around when we didn't have the ability to go out and buy a good chocolate bar elsewhere. Awful, awful chocolate."
"I have tried several flavors of Larabar and I like them all well enough, but the Ginger Snap is my absolute favorite. It is delicious and satisfying. Larabars are sweet, but a lot of bars taste too sweet to me. Larabars are less sweet than some so someone who wants a really sweet snack might prefer something different, but I believe anyone who likes the taste of ginger would enjoy this bar. It tastes like ginger spice cake. I love it."
"This food is much better than cheap store brand type kibble, however while a cut above most it still has ingredients that I would not see in the Premium Brands such as Wellness, Ivo and such. For the increase in price from the cheap stuff it is much better for the little sweeties. It is a very good compromise. I foster kittens all the time and most of them love the stuff and their coats are very shiny."
"I received the package and was surprised that more than half of the cookies in the package were broken. I ordered this as an office treat, and hardly anyone ate them. They just looked said, all broken in there with no real chunks to grab and enjoy. These aren't that gooey, either. I prefer the chewy Chips Ahoy!, as at least they're intact. These cookies tasted a little more dry than the chewy ones, and I didn't notice any larger chip chunks or ""gooiness,"" per se."
"This is a great jerkey substitute if you're vegetarian. The problem is, when it is stale, it's very hard to chew* (but still tastes good). When it is fresh, it is absolutely awesome. Stonewall's is my favorite brand of vegetarian jerkey. If you don't like your jerkey hot, I suggest you try mild or teriyaki. Otherwise, this is the stuff for you! *Edit: Someone suggested heating in microwave for about 10 seconds to soften it, and that works beautifully!"
"I like these because they do taist like chai latte however, I think the milk flaver is a little weak or watered down taisting. It helps to add milk or creamer after it is done, but it still taist a little off. They are sweat right out of the machine so no suger needed and the chai spice is strong, the milk or creamer helps mellow that down too. I will probly buy these again until I can find one thats better."
"I was very disappointed to receive what I thought would be a quality olive oil in a glass bottle, instead it is in a Plastic bottle. I urge buyers not to buy this product as plastic introduces cancer causing chemicals into the oil, specifically if exposed to heat. Additionally, plastic is ruining the environment as it never breaks down, and is essentially a permanent stain on mankind for unnecessarily ruining the environment. Please do not buy this product."
"I have fed Nature's Variety Prairie cat food for 4 years. I go between Salmon and Chicken flavors. I have a maine coon, which have long hair. Before, I used various brands which left her with matted hair and lumpy hairballs on her coat that would not brush out. I tried Prairie and all of her problems went away in 2 weeks feeding. Now her coat is soft, smooth, silky and it is very easy to brush her now."
The bag arrived in very good condition. The one star reason: I was very disappointed that the bag of cracked wheat was not the coarse kind but was like very fine flour. It is the coarse kind that gives bread the nutty texture we so love in our family. I don't think it was advertised clearly enough for me to catch the difference but it's been awhile since I ordered it so I could have forgotten.
"Didn't care for it. This is the only Earl Grey I have tried so I can't compare it to any other brands. I don't really think it is the brand though, I just don't think I like oil of bergamot. Any way, it tasted kind of bitter and soapy (no, my cup didn't have any soapy residue in it). Didn't finish the cup. There are several Taylors of Harrogate teas that I really like, this is not one of them."
Sleepytime tea doesn't really relax me so I bought this tea. I didn't see that it contained Valerian root until I received it. I drank a cup and felt strange within an hour. Also tossed and turned all night. I think I remember taking Valerian root years ago for sleep but don't recall my reaction. I am not using this tea again because I am leery of use of certain herbs and my reaction to them. Just be cautious when first trying this.
"The first few times I tried this tea was at work, and every time something would come up and by the time I got back it was cold. That's how I found out it tasted good cold. When I finally was able to drink it hot it was great. Taste is not overly lemony, more like a lemon lollipop. I bought a pack of 6 boxes and will be getting ready to buy more soon (my girlfriend likes it too)."
"I tried the salsa, cinnamon, and this chocolate flavor. Of the three, I like chocolate best. This snack does a pretty good job of being filling when you are hungry. However, you should watch how much you eat and go by the serving size as they are somewhat calorie dense. Of course, no more so than chips or something. They contain all natural ingredients if that's important to you. Bottom line, they taste good, are filling, are natural, but don't have an really appetizing appearance."
"I've ordered these many times, and my dog loves them. However, I'm never sure what I'm going to get when I place the order. Some bags have had 30 thick sticks as pictured on the product page, while others have had half that many with the other 15 being pencil sized. Usually they're all solid sticks, but sometimes they contain many porous ones which last a fraction of the expected chew time. I would recommend them, but beware the product can be very inconsistent."
"I've recently purchased Tully's French Roast K-Cups from Amazon. Well this is the best coffee no bitter after taste, wonderful smell of coffee brewing, very easy to make.The French roast is a darker coffee for those who like stronger blends.I'd recommend this to all who purchase K-cups .Only bad thing about this product is it goes to fast ,in other words I drink to much of it. LOL Buy some and enjoy your cup of coffee today."
"Taste is a personal issue so I won't comment on that. Just be advised that compared to the Fruit and Nut variety which, if you hold one sideways, will actually slowly fold over, these are thicker and MUCH more solid. If you have sensitive or loose teeth or maybe dentures, be forewarned. You should take your bites with your molars or break off a piece by hand just to make sure your chompers can handle it. I apologize to any dentists financially harmed by this review."
"I have a cup every morning! Cant describe it but it just makes me happy :) its not too sweet and just the perfect amount of creamy (I mix mine w water)I have been buying this at a local small coffee shop at 13$ per can. I can't tell you how happy I was to find this on amazon for such an amazing price. If you are looking to try a new chai, look no further!"
"Anyone who has been to France has to fall in love with French food. The cheeses, the wines, the bread and in this case the pickles! They are a little more sour than an American pickle, but once you accept the difference, these pickles are terrific. We eat them with raclette, the fabulous cheese to melt and enjoy with bread or potatoes. I am so grateful to be able to get cornichons here. Maille also makes great dijon mustard."
"I really wanted to like these, but I just found them to be to sweet/sugary. I generally stay away from cliff bars for the same reason, and had hoped that these would be as good as they sound. Sadly its just to sweet tasting for me. Special note: The packs I received Oct 2010 have 20g sugar, not the 17g listed in the Amazon nutrition section. There may have been a recipe change . . ."
"UPS just delivered this, and it was a melted mess. It's not a big circular box, as pictured, but a rather small, rectangular box (with perhaps half the chocolates as pictured - if wrappers count). And when we opened the box, what we found was a box of chocolate sauce. No individual piece survived. What a mess. ADDENDUM: I complained of this Saturday evening. By Monday afternoon they processed a full refund, including shipping fees. Guess it was just a fluke."
"This is a super easy puzzle it took my standard poodle who is about 6 months old about 3 minutes to figure it out the very first time. So I don't think it makes the best puzzle, but it is amazing at slowing down chow time. I fill all four compartments up with kibble. I holds about 2 cups of food, and it extends eating time from 2 minutes to 10 minutes. Which means less gas for my dog and sweeter air for me."
"These things are awful. I was thinking I would be getting a soft, moist chocolate cake with creamy filling - similar to a hostess cupcake but with the ""oreo taste"" - these things are awful. The cake is stale in its consistency - this is not an old or opened package - bought em soon as they hit stores. The icing is about the same as the cookie - not creamy. The cake part is really just plain awful!! Stick to hostess cakes or plain oreos."
"I have one cup a day and it really decreases my night sweats. I'm in amazement at how much it helps! The taste isn't great, but I don't think it's as bad as some other reviews have said. If you're concerned about the taste, you can use some sage from your spice cabinet and make a cup. It tastes pretty much the same, but it didn't seem cost effective to use the sage you buy in the spice aisle."
"I have been using Neuro Sleep for better than a year for my adult disabled son, to aid him in settling down for bed. I have found it very effective, with virtually no side effects or interactions with his medication. I have recommended it to several of my friends for help at bedtime with adhd, and higher lever autistic. Always check with your pharmacist or Dr. for med interaction possibilities, but if cleared, give it a try."
"I purchased this product despite mixed reviews. I was enticed by the bulk offering, the price and that it is organic. I acquired a liking for chai however the overwhelming spice to this chai is over the top for even me. I wish I could pinpoint exactly what's out of balance with the spices. Unfortunately, this will either be used in potpourri or discarded. I would still be willing to try (one more time) other tea from this company."
"This stuff seems to protect me as well as the other clinical strength anti-perspirants that I've tried. However, the smell reminds me of an old cosmetic or something that I would find in my grandmother's bathroom. There is no joke intended there, I swear that this is the same scent. My girlfriend agrees, it smells like a grandmother. The smell is not overly strong, so it's not a gigantic problem, just something to consider before buying. I would recommend smelling it at the store before ordering."
"I purchased this product before, and it was perfect: lots of halves, not too salty, not very greasy. This time however, I decided to stock up and purchased 5 ""2-tin"" packages when it had a good price. Turned out to be super greasy. There was so much disgusting oil that I had to use paper towel to drain it every time I wanted to eat. Overall, I would say the inconsistent quality deserves a one so they can improve."
"I have been drinking Zico coconut water for sometime. One day I saw Zico Chocolate Coconut water. So gave it a try. well, to me it was chocolate drink but my expectation of a coconut water was not there. I threw rest of the bottle and kept my distance from this drink. Agreed that Zico coconut water is not the best coconut water but it is close enough to enjoy without any other ingredient in it and definitely not chocolate."
"We missed that this coffee is packaged ""For Use only in Single Serve Home Coffee Pod Brewers."" Doh. We don't have such a brewing device, so I cut open the packets and used the loose, ground beans in our french press (and this worked well). The coffee itself is outstanding (at least via our french press). A nice smooth, rich flavor; a hint of fruit in the smell; very little acid taste. We quite enjoyed it."
"I have been looking everywhere for olive oil and rosemary potato chips since my local Italian grocer stopped carrying them. Was so surprised when I accidentally ran across them at Amazon and haven't been able to stop eating them since they arrived. These are the best chips I think I have ever had--fresh, crunchy, lightly flavored with rosemary, and best of all--made with heart healthy olive oil. I know that olive oil doesn't outweight the negative of eating these chips---but who cares--they're awesome!"
"My golden retriever was very excited to try out this new toy! The first time we gave it to him it took several minutes to get all the tops off and get the food; however, by the third time it was introduced to him he had mastered it in 1-2 minutes. We now use it as a way to feed him full meals so that he doesn't eat too fast. Love that it is dishwasher safe but wish it kept him entertained a while longer."
"This is the first time I have tried this product. I have never had the original formula so I can't compare it to what was a highly rated product. At first the taste is somewhat pleasant but not very natural tasting and then there is a lingering aftertaste. I will not buy this again and do not recommend it. I want to try other brands. I think I will enjoy it because coconut water is not very sweet, low calorie and high in potassium."
"We've been using the Illy packets since buying our small espresso maker over a year ago, and we had been fairly satisfied with the results. At least they were consistent, and we didn't have to clean up coffee grounds. However, despite the added mess of using beans the results we get by using freshly ground coffee in our inexpensive mill produce a somewhat better flavor, depending on the roast, etc. that we buy. We're sticking with beans now."
"I am on the SCD diet, and have been looking for snacks that I can take with me anywhere, and perhaps most importantly, taste good. Matt's Munchies is definitely both! The flavors are really nice, and are reminiscent of the tropics. I disagree with a previous reviewer that there is too much coconut. I feel the flavors are nicely balanced. I love that they are packaged in bite size squares, as well. I plan on ordering this regularly in the future!"
"I started eating these about a year and a half ago and really liked the taste and texture. They were crunchy, much more 'chip like'...but about 10 months ago they batches I started to receive were significantly different. Much more of a soft, puffy consistency. I was hoping that I just got a few bad batches in a row but it is now clear that they must have changed their recipe. I still enjoy the taste...but am really disappointed in the texture now."
"I ordered 5 lb of this candy, and it was great. So great in fact that I ate a lot of it. After a few days, my teeth became incredibly sensitive from the amount of acid in this candy. Sour candy gets its sour from different kinds of acid, and this candy is so sour, it's really bad for your teeth. Eating a lot of sour candy of any kind will begin to damage the enamel on your teeth."
"I'll buy clothing and electronics if it's made in China, but NO WAY I'll food - it's just too risky. Even some of the middle class there have started their own farming because they know they can't trust the government to regulate food safety... So, I'm hugely disappointed to learn that about these especially since I love how my little one is happy to be able to hold the cracker by herself. Won't be buying any more of these!"
"I was hoping for true granulated garlic and not pulverized powder. Well I was a bit disappointed when I received this powder. The reason I wanted true granules is that they retain the garlic flvor much longer than powder. In the year or so that it will take me to use this, i think the flavor will be gone - unlike true granulated garlic which holds the flavor much longer. Fool me once -- but don't get fooled again."
I wanted to like this. I really did. The flavor was wonderful but it made my stomach feel awful and gave me a pit in the bottom of my stomach each time I ate it. Overall it is a great flour but it isn't right for sensitive stomachs and was very harsh overall. Flavor was also very sweet and made the bread I made taste like it has honey added. I wish this would have worked for me because it baked very well.
I just received these and had to try one. The first cup had an odd caramel taste to it. I kept drinking and finally got used to it. The second cup was better. My husband thought they were too sweet. I will finish the box but will try the plain cider next time. The caramel made covered up the apple taste and made them sweet. Not bad though for only 10 calories. I didn't need any dessert last night!
"This is the best drink out there! I've always had adult acne and no matter what I took or what the dermatologist prescribed for me, it has always been so difficult to treat my acne. I started drinking coconut water for the electrolyte benefits after my intense spinning classes but I noticed within several weeks that my face started to clear up and actually looked smoother! Besides keeping me hydrated and my electrolytes in balance, it has improved the quality of my skin tone! LOVE IT!!!!!!"
I will never know how this product is. Amazon/Starbucks chose to send this order with the requirement I sign for it! Why they would do this on a $20.00 order is beyond me. I work and am not home to sign for packages. The package was returned and Amazon/Starbucks has yet to reply to my emails or even return my money. This in my first Amazon disappointment and I have ben a customer for nearly 10 years.
"I had these cookies in Germany, but I had a hard time finding them in the US. I was amused to discover I could order them from Amazon. They seem to be most closely related to pecan sandies, but they're a little richer and a little moister. I wish it were possible to order a single box instead of 12, but I already knew I liked them, so ordering 12 wasn't really a problem. A bigger problem is trying not to eat them all immediately."
Buyer beware. Read COMPLETELY when and what you are getting and how much it is. Very confusing and Amazon does not help when the hassle arrives. The Flying Noodle can't be trusted either for their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Don't expect much when the cheese does not arrive. Even if they send you a notice it has shipped they find a reason to look good to Amazon in their correspondence. Can't tell you how the cheese tastes because it never came!
"I know that title sounds a big negative, but you have to know that I wasn't expecting much. Being only 1 WW Points+ each, I was expecting overly sweet, not very chocolatey and not very tasty. I was wrong, though! These are a decent size; one mouthful, or 2 smaller bites. Each is individually wrapped, which makes them perfect to stick in a lunch or snack box for work. They certainly stop my chocolate or sweet craving after meals or between 2-4 pm."
"Like the other reviewers, I fell in love with Native Forest coconut milk (from Thailand) - rich, creamy, and oh so delicious! But then... I got a shipment with cans sourced from Sri Lanka: thin and runny, slightly brown, and smelling like old sneakers. I've requested a replacement order from Amazon and my fingers are crossed that I receive a shipment from Thailand! If anyone knows the secret to getting only Thai-sourced product, please leave me a comment! Thanks!"
"<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003CE79XC"">Chipurnoi Chips Menthol Eucalyptus Candy 1600CT Bag</a> These little chips are great for so many things including a dry throat, tickle, cough, and just in general. They taste very good, and can dissolve in your mouth. I am never without them. My mother had chronic dry mouth and throat (Sjogrens Syndrome) and these worked for her! I have given them to many people, and they love them. You must try them; what have you got to lose?"
"The miracle berry tablets work just as described, they make anything that tastes sour taste sweet instead. Lemons and Limes taste like they are coated in sugar. Etc. The problem I had was that the effects of the tablets were short lived and somewhat disappointing. After about ten minutes the effect from a whole tablet fades. 30minutes to 2 hours is probably the effect you get from the real fruit, but these tablets are weak. Other than that, a real amazing treat."
"Much better than I expected, Switch Black Cherry is an excellent ""soda"" type carbonated fruit juice drink. The drink gets its sweetness from fruit juice and almost as sweet as regular soda. The big difference between this and regular soda was the clean natural taste of Switch. I is essentially a carbonated fruit juice so it does not contain any corn syrup. This drink is highly recommended although keep in mind it is more expensive than soda."
"Disgusting, slimy, stinky! I love jerky but have a weak jaw and have trouble chewing it. A diet website recommended this meatless jerky, so I ordered it to try it. Absolutely horrible! I recently gave the entire order (except for a small bite I tasted) to a friend to be donated to feed the homeless. I hope someone may like it. It comes from the package wet and slimy and has a clove-like odor. That's about all I can remember about it."
"Whenever I am in a store that sells your product- especially General Foods Internationl Coffee Cafe Francais - I must buy it for my daughter, Michelle. Michelle doesn't drink brewed coffee as I do, only drinks Cafe Francais. That is until you changed the formula. I bought her the new Cafe Francais and she was so disappointed. The flavor is different and I must say that even I could tell the difference. Is the old formula ever coming back?"
"I bought the popchips variety pack to try the different flavors and I kept an open mind but I just don't like this flavor. Their other flavors like BBQ & salt and vinegar are great, but these are REALLY peppery. I can't even taste the salt on them because the pepper is so overwhelming. Might be your bag of tea if you like a lot of pepper on food, but my husband puts pepper on everything and even he said there was too much pepper here."
"Once in a while I need to order these overnight, as I did with this - it's wonderful to be able to get them so quickly, but I do wish they did not use MOSTLY dented cans. It doesn't always happen, but in this shipment it was the case. It's not due to the packaging, as they were very well packaged. They apparently choose dented cans and as these cost more than in the supermarket, I don't appreciate it."
"I had high hopes for this product - lots of protein, not too much sugar, convenient packaging, and comes in several great-sounding flavors. Unfortunately, I failed to notice that it's also a veritable cocktail of nasty zero calorie sweeteners. I don't know whether it's the erythritol, the stevia, or both, but something in this product gives it a horrible, too-sweet, chemical aftertaste that I find truly undrinkable. I had to throw the whole thing away after the first sip. Consider yourself warned!"
"I got 3 sets of food for my 6 month old to have some variety. I didn't realize kids are on stage 1 foods for a very brief period so we had to mix these stage 1 foods in with stage 2 and 3 foods to use them. I'm sure these are great if you have multiple children, but for one child, these packs are too large to get more than one, but one box doesn't provide variety..."
"I ordered this soup to have something on hand for those ""oops forgot to pack lunch for work"" days. It was tasty enough, but even though my husband and I eat a fair amount of vegetables anyway this was just too fiber-y for us. It also had a slightly off, almost liquid smoke-esque flavor to it. It was very good mixed with some mashed potatoes though. Overall, as a once in awhile thing it would probably be fine, but 12 was too many for us."
"As with most people who select flavored water, I choose it when I don't want sugary drinks or artificial sweetners, but want something a little more than plain water. I found this flavor to be weak, which is expected with flavored water, but also found it to be unpleasant. To me this tasted like when you're eating an orange, and you get a bit of orange rind. It very much had that orange oil, bitter taste. I won't be buying this flavor again."
"This is by far the best olive oil infused with pressed lemons that I have ever tried. For a really spectacular salad dressing that is sure to win rave reviews mix together Agrumento Extra Virgin Olive Oil with Pressed Lemons and ""Marukan"" brand seasoned gourmet Rice Vinegar Lite in approximate equal amounts (or a little more of the rice vinegar depending on taste). If desired add a little salt and pepper and wisk all together until blended. This is so easy, but so delicious! Enjoy!"
"The liquid, not syrup, has very little chocolate flavor. The liquid has a unusal and unpleasing after taste. Chocolate or any form of chocolate are not in the ingredient list on the bottle. None of the recipes from the TORANI web site uses their chocolate syrups, they use real chocolate. The liquid made with SPLENDA, not syurp which is made with sugar, has a slite sweet taste. The final conclusion that it was a waste of money. It will most likely end up in the trash."
"Like others have commented, Amazon has done a really poor job with the packaging on these. The 12-pack ships from Missouri, and I'm not sure what kind of storage facilities Amazon or UPS has, but the bars are completed melted by the time you receive them, which is very disappointing. When Amazon used to carry the sesame-peanut-chocolate in the 8-pack, the biggest complaint was that those bars were too tough to chew. Now they're just mushy. Bring back the tough bars!"
"These were nasty, they were so greasy and too rich for my blood, plus they lacked major flavor, no spicy jalapeno flavor at all. I was so dissapointed in these chips, I am always hearing great things about these chips but I am telling you, yuck yuck yuck. Give me pain chips any day. Maybe there is a better kettle chip brand out there but I am staying clear from these chips. I wish I could give these zero stars if I could."
"Read the ingredients. These are good prospects for a treat that the dog loves and it appears that even at small amounts, make a difference on teeth. Seriously. Most of all, large border collie, ten years old, loves them. We keep amounts low, most evenings give her a half of one bone. They leave no mess behind, to not choke like rawhide. Originally purchased at costco, now bummed that they have to be ordered online. They are worth it."
"Just a word of warning...This product is made in China where they may add a substance that can cause serious kidney problems in dogs. Read the blog on the topic of chicken dog treats made in China - [...]. After reading the many comments posted by dog owners who fed they dogs chicken treats made in China, I am discarding all of these treats and will seek an alternative product that is made in the USA."
"The directions on the package indicates one can use 6 to 8 ounces of milk or water with this drink mix, and I chose milk. I used 6 ounces and added the suggested 4 teaspoons of the pumpkin spice mix. The taste was quite bland and I added three more teaspoons. I LIKE FLAVOR! With this addition, I tasted the spice. However, the pumpkin flavor was subtle and barely detectable. I would compare this to a spiced chai latte."
"I've always enjoyed using Pamela's baking products for my gluten-intolerant grandchildren. However, I won't get to try this one because it contains both dairy and tree nuts, which was not revealed in the item description, and to which our kids are also allergic. This is not an item that can be returned, but I donated my three bags to another family with celiac but no other allergies. Amazon should be more careful in listing all the allergens in its ""allergy free"" products."
I received a free sample of 5-Hour ENERGY from Smiley360. I really liked using this product. It tasted good and didn't leave me jittery. Even my husband who works the night shift has started using 5 hour energy regularly since it is safe. It's packed full of vitamins and comes in a variety of flavors. I do want to mention though that it does contain niacin flush if anyone is sensitive to it. I will purchase this again!!
"I tried the peanut butter version. They reminded me a bit of Tagalongs Girl Scout cookies with slightly less peanut butter. There is a chocolate cookie with a thin layer of very smooth, sweetened peanut butter all covered with milk chocolate. The cookie is not as thick as a regular Oreo, and there is only one cookie, not two as in a real Oreo. If you enjoy milk chocolate Reese's cups, these have a similar flavor with a cookie crunch."
"This is now the second time I've purchased this item and I have been pleasantly surprised both times now! The first month I purchased them in was February, when they came wrapped in red paper with hearts for Valentines Day. This time it's march, and the candies came wrapped in yellow paper with easter eggs on them. Not even in the description of the product, but a great surprise! Not to mention both boxes came within a week of purchase. Great product! Great fresh candy!"
"I received one of these banana nut bars in my Influenster box and all I can say is yummy. So many bars are so hard they break your teeth, or they taste kind of like cardboard with a grainy texture. These soft bars are really something I could get used to. Too bad there was only one in the box because my husband snagged more than half of it. I have not found it on the shelf yet, but hope to soon."
"I am choosing two stars because it is very good mustard, but only that. The reviews for this same mustard from other sellers can give the impression that this is some mind-blowing experience, but I am very disappointed that it is nothing better than Grey Poupon, though more expensive. Obviously I like Grey Poupon, but I was looking for something with a lot more bite to it, such as some of those I had tried in France several years ago. I'll keep looking."
"we make our own fruits and veggies to use at home or at daycare. however, storing them while we travel is challenging so we use the earths best on trips. the flavor is wonderful, the ingredients are simple and organic and we feel good giving this to our 7 month old. she loved all of the flavors in this variety pack so much that we are trying to replicate them at home. we also keep these in the pantry as back up."
"Tastes great and satisfies my hunger. I am currently on a fitness diet and I don't feel guilty when I am eating one of these. Since there are no ""melty"" ingredients, it stays in tact in hot cars, at beaches etc which is an added bonus. I took a star off because the calorie count is a bit high, but I chalk that up to the great taste and the fact that it fills you up."
"When opening the bag, the smell was very strong of cherry cough syrup. Once brewed the smell it much lighter and not unpleasant. The flavor was ok, pleasant roobios flavor, however the cherry blossom part left something to be desired. Overall I am pretty ambivalent about this flavor and probably won't order it again. I have ordered other flavor teas from this company and enjoyed them very much. The <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0060JNRJQ"">Tea's Etc 1000 Cranes White Tea, 8-Ounce</a>, for example, is spectacular."
"This is a strong, smoky coffee that can make you feel like a sophisticated coffee snob in the morning. It's smooth, rich, and velvety, and I always feel like a genius after brewing it, like, 'yeah, I just brewed this and it's so good. I am a coffee master.' That being said, it's almost a tad too strong for me - but I tend to prefer medium roasts. If you're looking for a strong coffee, I'd recommend checking this out."
"I love this coffee! Like the other reviewers, I took a trip to Costa Rica and was immediately addicted to this bold, flavorful coffee. I am a cover lover and have tried many different brands only to find that Britt is hands-down the best I've ever had. I brought back one bag from Costa Rica and have started ordering my supply because I can't go back to other bland store-bought coffees. Definitely worth a try! You won't be disappointed."
My four cats adore this. They split one bag every night. I mistakenly gave some to a stray cat that I feed and he would not leave the deck until I gave him a whole bag. My mother's cat is also addicted and requires a hand full every day. She stares pointedly between my mother and her food bowl until she gets enough. Since one my cats has some dental problems this cat food is great as a treat that is good for them.
"The flavors you immediately notice after the first sip of this tea, are hisbiscus flowers and chamoile. The Pomegranate and Raspberry flavors and the green tea are all buried and very faint! If you are looking for a tea to wind down your hectic life, this is not a bad tea at all. If you are looking for an excellent blend of Pomegranate and Raspberry flavors in green tea, you maybe be very disappointed like I do."
"I was very excited when I read reviews about the product. I read about the product with an expiration code of March 2013 will be BPA free.I waited for a while to order this product for that reason. All cans I received were ""Expired January 2013"", and yes, it is BPA liner in. Maybe the Amazon warehouse had a lot of stock of the products, but I could not believe the canned food I received has expire date within 6 months."
"The first two orders that came from Thailand were fine. Now there are some dented cans, nasty-tasting blend of grease and water. Even the inside of the cans look differently lined than before. Who knows if they are BPA-free as claimed? I'm cancelling my subscription. I will have a hard time trusting this brand again. UPDATE: Nov. 5, 2011. I forgot about a pending order. This time it was from Thailand with bubble wrap between the cans, no dents and much better quality."
"My major gripe with the product is that there is too much oil. It can be fixed by using a colander or something else to drain the oil. Also, keep in mind that the size of the can is 4lbs 6oz. You can keep the can stored in your cupboard for months if it isn't opened, but you need to consume it relatively quickly once it is opened (just something to keep in mind for people who are single or who have small families)."
"Kettle Branch Potato Chips New York Cheddar: These are good if you like kettle fried potato chips that are waaaay salty, on the burnt side, and taste rancid, either because the cheese flavoring or the oil it was fried in was already old. I want to like this brand of chips and try their new and other flavors every now and then. But, after having tried all sorts of other brands of kettle cooked chips, these just don't hit the spot for me."
Beware these DO NOT fit in the Senseo machine as one reviewer noted. Coffee pods are not standardized - they are all different sizes. Trying to find pods that fit my Senseo is almost impossible. - I called Senseo and their French Vanilla is still being manufactured but they are made in Brazil and there is a strike or trade freeze happening so that they cannot get shipped out of the country. They are still being made and hopefully will start shipping again soon.
I conducted a taste test of six different brands of energy drinks and this one tasted the best. I had tried one of them a long time ago and it had a strange taste I couldn't get used to despite what the kids at work told me. This one tasted OK and was the only one that gave me the boost I wanted at the time. They are kind of expensive so I plan to use them sparingly.
"I attempted to order the Teriyaki flavored medallions, and I instead received the peppered (I absolutely hate the peppered.) This item is not returnable, and I cannot find a means to let this seller know they shipped me the wrong product. If you love all three flavors, then by all means this is the product for you, if you are partial to any single flavor, then do not purchase this product as you will not receive it."
"Our family loves French Dip sandwiches, and we have tried quite a few different ones. Lawry's is our hands down favorite! 3 of us like it the best and our youngest likes it second best. Some people like a thicker, gravy-like Au Jus, and if that is what you like and also a decent flavor, I recommend Knorr's. (That is our second choice). This Au Jus is more of a broth texture, and the flavor is excellent."
"I bought these cakes at my local health food store. They look nothing like the images on the box in which they come. They have no trace of cocoa!! They have nothing of the lightness of actual pound cake. They are heavy and too sweet. They taste like a chunk of fat and sugar - which is what they are: the second ingredient after eggs is sugar and then vegetable shortening. That, especially the latter item, should say it all."
"Greenies are an great product - they are very attractive to my dog, who can be picky about treats, and provide a good chew that helps address his tartar problems, and Amazon has among the best price I've found. As long as you have someplace out of dog-nose reach to store the box, Greenies are a great way to help your dogs teeth stay clean and thus avoid the further health issues that result from canine dental problems."
"I bought this out of curiosity after seeing it on the Food Network. It does taste good. You do have to carefully follow the directions on the bag. This doesn't work the same as microwave popcorn. The ""bake"" time is quite short, and overcooked pork rinds aren't pretty or tasty. I think that in the future, if I want warm pork rinds, I'll try warming up a small batch of my usual brand in the toaster oven for a couple of minutes."
"This is nice to keep on hand for a treat that's a little sweet, somewhat creamy, not bitter in the least, and tastes something like coffee. The manufacturers were smart to choose the name ""memento"" that could refer to memories of past times enjoying coffee with friends, or maybe remembering yourself back into any pleasing activity or environment by recalling it as you enjoyed this drink. Nescaf&eacute; Memento in itself is neither distinguished nor memorable, but it's convenient and a quality product."
"For years I've been buying pumpkin flavored coffee beans every fall from the coffee shop in my local Borders. Its a flavor I look forward to every year! Well, Borders closed, but we just got our Keurig machine so I was excited to try the pumpkin spice flavor from Green Mountain. The flavor is disappointing to this pumpkin fan, though. It is very heavy on the spice; the pumpkin flavor is negligible. I would call it cinnamon coffee rather than pumpkin spice coffee."
"I have been an avid Green Mountain Coffee fan for several years. I have been to the factory store in Vermont (all the way from Ohio) a couple of times...the last one after the floods that caused a temporary move of the store. I felt that this blend is too weak tasting for me. It is the first Green Mountain product that I have not been completely satified with. Great for those who don't like the bolder tastes, but not for me."
"I am gluten free and was craving soft black licorice that tasted like Twizzlers black licorice but was gluten free. Candy Tree Organic Licorice does NOT taste like Twizzlers black licorice, and it is much harder to chew. This black licorice has a strong molasses flavor that I am just not into, but I guess if you like your black licorice to be rather hard and taste strongly of molasses, then this may be the licorice for you."
"Would of given this 5 star if it was cheaper. I love the small cans for convenience but not willing to pay for the cost of it. I liked that their was no gagging fishy smell as some cat foods have. My cats loved this food and would of eaten 2 cans at a time if I let her. I will consider keeping this on hand for those times when I need the small can convenience. However, can not afford to purchase this all the time."
"The coffee is fine, but I'm really tired of getting a sampler pack with literally half the cups being DECAF or teas. I'm collecting dozens of cups of Decaf coffee that I do drink eventually (in the evening), but I am running out of caffeinated coffee cups already. The only option seems to be to pick one flavor and buy it, but do like to choose among a variety. Whoever comes up with a good ALL caffeinated sampler pack will have a dedicated customer."
"I used to love Fireballs as a kid, but these are very different then the Fireballs 10-15 years ago. They are smaller, and not that hot at all. I used to not be able to keep a ball in my mouth for the whole time, I would have to spit it out because it the ball was too hot. They also can be chewed pretty easily, which was not common for them back in the day."
"One of the things that you do when you have to go gluten-free is utter a prayer before each new foodstuff: ""Please God, let it not taste weird."" And these? Seriously? They taste like crunchy licorice. They even leave a licorice aftertaste. Unless you are a non-taster, or you like unsweetened licorice, these are bad crackers. Children might use them to build forts, perhaps. However, the other Glutino crackers in this line are good."
I bought this product last year and it was shipped in a dirty box (used before for canned pork). I decided not to complain because the can with oil was ok. This year they shipped 2 cans of oil with less then 3 month till expiration date. The company representative said that it is ok to send last year food and I should send it back at my expense. He was not able to check if they have fresher oil.
"I bought this for the price. I have been a fan of Godiva's Hot Cocoa (Dark and Milk) for about a year. While much better than those instant hot cocoa (Swiss Miss, Carnation etc) that are made with water - it leaves a slight aftertaste that I do not like. Also, it did not mix as easily (dissolve) as the Godiva did. I think it (like wine and food) is just a personal taste. Try both brands and see for yourself."
"I have been drinking this tea for years and am so disappointed that they change the formula. It has a terrible after taste, especially when it starts to cool just a little. I also enjoyed it cold over ice and now am not able to tolerate the taste cold. I purchased 2 - 6 pack boxes and now am stuck with this foul tasting tea. Unless the Oregon Chi company goes back to the original formula I will never purchase it again."
"I ordered this SO CALLED Honey Powder from BARRY FARMS ~ it is a FRAUD !! It is not HONEY POWDER. It is WHEAT with something else mixed with it. It does not dissolve, it DOES NOT have HONEY in the mix. On top of their frauding the public, they make sure you cannot return it and get a refund. They should be reported for the fraudelent manner they are operating. I THREW both bags in the trash."
"I am not a big fan of peanut butter, but I must admit to liking this cereal. It is crunchy and quite tasty, with a light roasted peanut taste. It was quite enjoyable and passed the test of my eight year old with excellence. She loved it. My box came with a nice $1.00 off coupon. I recommend this if you like the taste of roasted peanuts, if not this will not be on your enjoyment list."
"I still prefer grinding my own whole bean coffee, but for a pre-ground, flavored coffee, this is probably the best I have had. The vanilla flavor is just right, not too over powering like many flavored coffees. Instead it has just the right level of vanilla. The only issue is that you do NOT need the amount of coffee that is suggested, you can probably get by with half of the amount of coffee and still enjoy a great cup of joe!"
"Ever had Bigelow's peppermint tea? The flavor really beats you over the head. That's why we tend to stay away from such teas in my household (the reason I would drink them is because they were decaf...I'm rather sensitive to caffeine). Yogi's mint tea does not beat you over the head. It doesn't pound your tongue with mint flavor. It's like a gentle massage, giving you the slightest hint/trace of mint. The only problem: it has caffeine. Oh well, can't win them all. Recommended."
I discovered this Salsa on a trip to Costa Rica. Many of the restaurants in Costa Rica use Lizano Salsa in the dishes they prepare. It was also available as a condiment everywhere like salt and pepper. I was excited to see I could buy it here in the states. I mostly use in Hispanic dishes I cook but it adds great flavor to just about everything. I recommend this Salsa 110% you will not be sorry.
"I was really looking forward to these pods based on the reviews. Starbucks is good, but I prefer bolder taste.... imagine my surprise when I ordered 2 boxes - both were expired! One expired back in 2005 for gosh sakes. I admit that Amazon agreed to credit me for cost plus part of shipping, but geez, 2 years expired!!! I'm hoping to find local San Diego area shoppe that carries pods so that I can try something different than starbucks."
"This product texture and smell seem very similar to Wagontrain chicken fillets. The pkg clearly has a sticker showing made in USA, however, states manfactured for Meyer Country Farms. I contacted Meyer Country Farms. They would not tell me where this product is manufactured from. He claims, USA, however he would not give me a city or state, so I have my doubts. I will not purchase this product again. The pkg. should show made and manufactured in the USA."
"The item I received did not match the picture or item name. I received a package of large, gummy stars in a SweetGourmet.com sealed bag. It did have a printed/copied label that said ""Swedish Fish Swediesh Gum Fish Aqua Life"" but the contents were not the Swedish Fish brand or the same as those pictured. Since I was looking for the Aqualife assortment, it does not meet my needs or expectations. It was shipped and received in a timely fashion."
"My cats love this brand of food, especially the salmon and turkey flavors. However, they leave the peas and carrots behind. Which makes me feel like I'm not getting my money's worth! However, I've started squishing the carrots into the food, and they seem to be leaving less in their bowls. After trying many brands of canned foods, this is one of the few that they eagerly eat, and it doesn't smell as bad as some."
"Obviously the product is self explanatory and FIDO says it tastes great. However, getting the product is another issue altogether. It is quite clear that the packaging of two 12 pack cases in a single Amazon box is insufficient for the rigorous journey through UPS. The cans are damaged and some split open with fortunately the shrink wrapping holding dried up mess inside of outer package. I would be prepared to spend time with customer service if you subscribe for their packaging is horrendous."
I bought this for my Miniature Pinscher and she really loved it. She didn't lose interest in it but she ended up eating the bones on either side of the toy before finishing the treats. She only weighs 9 pounds so if anything this could be used for a Chihuahua. My dog never chews up any of her toys so this one wasn't very good. We used it for about a week before throwing it away.
"I found this roast a bit bitter and too dark to be Colombian. It also tasted oily, something that the regular Colombian from Folger's is not. I was a little disappointed. Now that the price for this three-pack has doubled since May 2010 it's even less appealing. If I want a bold, dark roast I'll brew some French roast. If I want a medium dark roast I'll have regular Folger's Colombian and not this blend. Bummer."
"This is not gourmet coffee. No single cup coffee maker is. But this IS serviceable, quick coffee. Which is why I get it. For what it is, it's nice. It's also fairly cheap, and the subscribe and save option is very nice. I like the medium roast much better than either the breakfast or dark roast, as it seems to have a nicer flavor. If you have a senseo, this is the one I would recommend."
"I usually order the Organic Nature Select Applesauce from Gerber, however I thought that this is the same product, only DHA enhanced. The DHA is derived from Tuna Oil which is not so bad, however it also contains Gelatin, derived from pork, not vegetables!. The product ingredients above does not state that, and is very misleading. I didn't notice this until my 3 year old ate 3 containers of it! I ended up throwing out the rest of the box that was purchased."
"I drink a lot of tea and felt that I had to comment given that only 1 review was posted for this product. Lipton tea is probably the largest selling tea brand in the world. It is renown for its quality in the budget price range. It is not a ""specialty"" tea but represents very good value - far surpassing the average store brand. It will brew a strong distinctly red colored tea. Having said all of this, the price listed here is quite high..."
"This stuff tastes like cold medicine. I can't imagine how anyone can enjoy this as a beverage. It's probably really healthy for you, but I just can't stomach it. I guess living in the United States gets you used to drinking unhealthy drinks lol. I'm not much for lemon or hot drinks like tea anyway. I even prefer cold coffee to hot coffee so I should have know I wouldn't have liked this, but hey what the heck!"
"Not by any means a beef jerky expert, but have ordered this twice and it has been devoured within a day or two. Succulent and not too tough, delicious flavor profile as well. By far my favorite that I've ever tried.. and you can't beat the price. Especially with subscribe and save! Edit: Ordered at least 10 times, and the last bag was VERY dry, and the one I recieved today... absolute best. Just wanted to note a little inconsitency."
"The taste is bad.. plus it is from concentrate so I dont think it has the same work out recovery effects. Now dont get me wrong Zito had a great idea on being able to take the drink to the gym or biking, but I much prefer the new Vita Coco new screw top, they have much better flavors ONE is pretty good but not as good as Vita coco and this one is about as good as those cans which are terrible."
"I tried this and I like it! I find it to be a refreshing drink. When I put a packet in a glass... I thought ""Kool Aid""! But it didn't have an artificial taste. I was afraid that it'd be too sweet for my taste but it was not... actually, I found it to be a perfect substitute for diet cola that I sip while working or playing at my computer. Give it a try... I think you'll like this easy to mix beverage."
"My dog loves this food and I like it because it's low residue and doesn't upset his tummy. Less waste when he goes makes it more comfortable for him and easier to pick up for me. The only complaint (besides the price!) would be the smell of the food if you sniff it. It doesn't make his breath smell. I may try the lamb one next time (to compare smells), but I definitely recommend this food."
"Thought it does not have quite the sweetness of ice cream, I found the chocolate and chocolate peanut butter flavors to have a very pleasant choclatey flavor and smooth texture. I let my pint sit on the counter for about 10 min before digging in, and it had an almost mousse like consistency - very impressive! Hard to believe this stuff is good for me and I can eat the whole pint without feeling the guilt I'd get with a pint of Ben & Jerry's."
"I have only tried the pan bars, which is actually a misnomer, they are a cake, and I defy you to find a spice, carrot or pumpkin cake that will beat them. I can hardly wait to try to the other products. This line was developed by someone who was gluten intolerant due to celiac's disease and developed to fill a need for those people who suffer from these conditions, and God Bless them for it!"
"Nature's variety already has a great reputation amongst those who care enough to feed their dogs only the best ingredients. In this case there is no worry at all - properly sources ingredients, freeze-dried to preserve nutritional content. Pros: - Great ingredients. - Dogs love them! - easy to break into small bits for different uses. Cons: - dogs LOVE them - you'll have to buy often ;) - Hope that helps."
"OMG! MOST DEFINITELY FIVE STARS FOR THIS PRODUCT! These are by far the most AMAZING Gummies I have ever tasted!! (and believe me I've tasted LOTS). Each color has its own unique,divine fruity flavor. The texture is absolutely perfect: soft, tangy and totally gummy! Whether or not you're an angry birds lover doesn't matter in the least; once you taste them you will become an 'angry birds gummies craver'. Stock up on em for Halloween, kids and adults alike will love it. Awesome."
I've bought this product from Amazon for almost two years for $20.19 shipped by Amazon as an Amazon Prime product. Amazon no longer carries it directly and the reseller is charging $44 for the same package plus shipping(down this week from $49 last week). The cocoa is not twice as good at these prices and I wish Amazon would find a reseller whose price is somewhat closer to the old amazon price. This is a very disappointing message from Amazon to its loyal customers. W. Grace
"I picked up a bag of these in NYC and ate them on the train home. I liked the flavor a lot, and the fact that they have less guilt in them than other options like potato chips. When I got home, I could not find these in CT, so I bought a case on Amazon. I have shared several of the bags with friends and everyone loves them. I highly recommend these chips (if you must have chips, that is!!!)"
"I have one cup a day and it really decreases my night sweats. I'm in amazement at how much it helps! The taste isn't great, but I don't think it's as bad as some other reviews have said. If you're concerned about the taste, you can use some sage from your spice cabinet and make a cup. It tastes pretty much the same, but it didn't seem cost effective to use the sage you buy in the spice aisle."
"Do not buy this product if you expect Familia Original recipe. The product description claims that this is the original recipe in a newly designed package, but this is not the case. I had been buying Familia for years. Perhaps the formula is the same but the product I received was not the milled grain I expected. It was more like puffed wheat; think sugar puffs without the sugar. It was like eating cardboard. To their credit, Amazon gave me a refund."
"Even though this product says BPA FREE right on the front, they are not in fact BPA free. In very small print on the back, it says ""Lid not included"". I'm sorry, the lid is part of the can. To say these are BPA free is false advertising and completely disingenuous. If you follow BPA testing at all, even small trace amounts are harmful. Will not recommend this product and hope others see this review if you're concerned about contaminates in your food."
"For the price, I was expecting a larger amount for some reason. (This will be a gift, so I can't report on taste, but I thought I would mention the quantity aspect in case another customer is like me.) The online description says 2 lbs, but the label says 28.35 oz. Close, but not the same. Anyway, the container is less than 6"" tall, not too much bigger than one of those chunker flashlight batteries. Now you know."
"I love this stuff! When I ordered I didn't read the description, so when it arrived I was pretty surprised to see a jar of powder! After reading the instructions I mixed some up and tried it out... AMAZING. so good. As other reviews have said, mix it with jelly! It taste just like a regular ole peanut butter & jelly sandwich, for under 200 calories. Try the chocolate one too! Mix it with marshmallow fluff!"
"The pack I received from Amazon has another Nutrition Facts sticker put there to cover or hide the original one. Out of curiosity, I pilled off the sticker, and found the following: Ingredients as: prunes, potassium sorbate as a preservative. Product of USA, Argentina, Chile, and France. So the prunes I got is not only not organic grown at CA but also contains preservative? Is it an okay practice to put another sticker on original nutrition facts label?"
"At first, I thought these tasted a little artificial. After a few handfuls I realized I like them, regardless. I am a big fan of this company's products, and have even gone so far as to speak with one of their growers about the integrated pest management systems they employ (using the smallest amount of pesticides possible). I will keep buying all their other flavors. The Bold line, especially the Habanero, is also excellent, as are the dark chocolate variety."
"For a decaf coffee, I personally feel that it has too much kick! It is very strong; a lot stronger than I was searching for. I personally drink decaf at night and prefer a subtle cup of joe. WIth this, I was forced to add water to make it tolerable. Secondly, be careful, I was sent a double order upon shipment accidently and now am stuck with coffee I do not like. It is very bitter."
"I recently paired the lasagna corte with a braised pork and tomato sauce at a tasting dinner for a major California winery. Forty people were at the event and the praise for the dish was universal. The texture of the product is slightly grainier than traditional pasta, but nowhere near as gritty as whole wheat pasta, which I cannot stand. The corn flavor is subtle, but not intrusive and if you're looking to remove wheat from your diet this is a good place to start."
"I ordered this tree, on November 29, 2006, it was delivered December 5, 2006. It was frozen when it was delivered, needless to say, it now looks dead. The box said 2 day air, but it wasn't. I'm very disappointed with this item. Was supposed to be a gift. but now it's dead. Becareful of ording plants in the winter time. I live in Michigan. It must have set in the UPS office for a few days in a freezer or something."
I sat the toy on the floor and he immediately opened one flap and used it to rotate the toy and get the treats in every chamber. It wasn't much of a puzzle and he finished before I could log in to write this review. Less than 2 minutes. I'm not sure I would buy too many more of these products. In theory the product is a good idea. I gave this two stars instead of one because he did enjoy himself in those two minutes.
"It is a nice looking storage option and saves space, but I expected the drawer to slide out without so much difficulty. It is very jerky and tough to pull out and and push in. I thought maybe I did something wrong but it is pretty simple. I applied some WD 40 to the slide (with much wiping to get the excess off) and that did not help. Has anyone else had this trouble, and were you able to remedy it?"
"These pumps make it so easy to dispense Torani syrups. No mess and consistent amount. Be sure to draw syrup into the tube on first use before inserting into the bottle - otherwise you'll spill it over the top of the bottle. NBD. Possible negative is how tall they make the bottles 15"" tall. I keep mine on the wet bar counter where I've set up my ""coffee bar,"" so height isn't a problem for me."
"I like Rajah hot curry - it's very good, but nothing stands out about it. Having tried Sharwood's hot curry, in comparison it's much better. I guess the ingredients are the key: Sharwood's Hot Curry Ingredients: Coriander, Turmeric, Fenugreek, Cumin, Salt, Mustard Powder, Rice Flour, Paprika, Fennel (3%), Garlic Powder, Onion Powder, Cinnamon, Chilli, Clove, Ginger, Pepper, Bay Leaf, Cardamom, Nutmeg, Spice Extract Rajah Hot Curry Ingredients: Coriander, Turmeric, Chilli, Garlic, Bengal Gram, Yellow Mustard, Fenugreek, Bay Leaves, Salt, Cumin, Fennel"
I was not able to eat all of these little fruit gems. Unfortunately science has not yet come up with a good substitute for real sugar in the baking or other heated process. Natural sugar is a binding agent and determines not only the consistency of a product but also the taste. The slices are a good effort but just eat a real one if you need a taste of something sweet and adjust your meal intake.
"I havent had these since I was a teen (about 7 years ago), saw them and what I thought I remembered was they were good and I liked them...What was I thinking? These krispy bars are waayyyy too sweet - I probably still have over half a box left and I bought these weeks ago (in a household of 4 where 3 of us would eat this). Next time I'll buy the ingredients and make them homemade instead!"
"Usually I'll get the store brand of fat free light TID, but this was recently on sale so I decided to go ahead & try it. It's not bad, having a great texture & not needing a lot of it to coat the salad. (Some dressings are so thick that it's hard to distribute it in the salad.) The only thing is that this is slightly more vinegary than what I'm used to & it took a while to get used to."
"I have been using this product for many years. It makes the best sauce ever. We use it plain a lot as I have food allergies and it tastes great plain. The problem I have with ordering from Amazon for this product ONLY is that most of the cans arrive dented. Amazon is great and sent me another shipment for free. However that shipment had dented cans also! I recommend this product highly, just not ordering it from Amazon!"
"I must admit that I did not taste the cookies, so they may have been fantastic. However, I purchased this item for a gift and when it arrived in a plain white pastry box sealed with Saran wrap... I was disappointed from the start. When I peeked inside to see if the cookies were individually wrapped, dry crumbs leaked out of the sides from the unwrapped cookies on the interior. I won't purchase this product or any other from this seller again."
"I bought two boxes of these jelly beans as they were the closest thing you can buy (at a reasonable price) to the Harry Potter ""Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans"". I bought two boexes because I thought there'd only be 20 beans in a box but in fact there must have been at least 40. We had way too many left over. The kids got a huge kick out of daring eachother to try one. Shipping was fast and included in these $6/box jelly beans."
"I received the dates wrapped in brown butcher paper in a box. They were not sealed in a bag, which could have led to some of the problems with these dates. They were very hard and had a pungent chemical taste (a little like toilet bowl cleaner smells) that made them inedible. Also, there were small bits of white paper stuck to many individual dates. I returned the product to receive a refund, but did have to pay $12 return shipping."
"Very chocolately, raspberry taste unlike some of the Van Houette k-cups (Spicy Mayan Chocolate, for example, which (to me) has little or no flavor and smells like wet, sweaty socks.) Well, the chocolate raspberry truffle definitely does have plenty of flavor and smells as amazing as it tastes. Definitely worth the purchase! Also, the 24-count boxes are great for host/hostess/party gifts and much better than the ubiquitous bottle of wine that everyone brings, assuming, of course, that your host has a Keurig coffee machine. Great product!"
"I have purchased many brands of jerky from Amazon including Oberto. This time what I received was 8 bags of jerky that was very close to inedible. I tried to eat it, but half of it went into the trash. It was'nt old or close to the expiration date, just dry and tough with an unpleasant stale taste. I have ordered Obertos in the past and it was okay, maybe this was just a bad batch. I won't be ordering it again."
"This is a great jerkey substitute if you're vegetarian. The problem is, when it is stale, it's very hard to chew* (but still tastes good). When it is fresh, it is absolutely awesome. Stonewall's is my favorite brand of vegetarian jerkey. If you don't like your jerkey hot, I suggest you try mild or teriyaki. Otherwise, this is the stuff for you! *Edit: Someone suggested heating in microwave for about 10 seconds to soften it, and that works beautifully!"
"I received this product as a gift. I was so excited to use it. However, I'm sadly disappointed with this product. The puree is very weak! It takes far too long to blend the products, having to stop many times to stir the contents because it doesn't blend evenly. The only nice feature is the clean-up--only one bowl to wash. This is totally overpriced. I wouldn't even buy it if it were under $20. Save the money and use a blender."
"I purchased these treats because it's our friends dogs that were on the bag. On the Amazon page, it showed the bag with Minga and Roscoe on it, but unfortunately I did not receive the bags that were shown. Amazon does mention that actual product packaging may be different than what is shown on their website, but we really wanted the exact bags that were shown. But our dogs still loved the treats non-the-less, they don't know the difference!"
"Our dog loves this food! It has good quality ingredients and it's reasonably priced for the most part. Our dog's coat shines, she barely scratches, no more watery eyes, and her poop is firm and less smelly. All in all, it's great quality food. Plus it's made in the USA which gives me a little more peace of mind about the quality of the food. The only downside is that it smells fishy and the fishy smell tends to linger on my dogs face."
"We got this syrup to use with coffee as well as to make Italian sodas, with and without the cream. My first use was with coffee;the aftertaste was horrible. The bitter taste flooded your mouth and was not washed away by subsequent sips of coffee;that cup went down the drain! Unfortunately we fared no better with the sodas; the bitter aftertaste was persistent. Needless to say, our subscribe and save shipments on this product have been cancelled."
"This tea is awesome! Authentic Ginger flavor. Certainly clears the sinuses. If you like the stimulating, fresh flavor and aroma of Ginger, then this tea will please you. Additionally, I don't have to add any sugar or other sweetener. Also, there are no tea bags to deal with as the crystals dissolve rapidly for the perfect cup. I like it cold too. I also add less water than recommended for an even more robust flavor. I like it strong!"
"I bought this for my boyfriend as a Valentines Day gift and he absolutely loved it! Its an amazing size and includes all the essentials for a starter kit. It arrived extremely quickly even though i chose standard shipping. It arrived in a medium sized box and alot of packing peanuts which kept the tree stable and safe throughout shipping. Overall, i will definitely chose to order from joebonsai again because i was satisfied and absolutely love it!"
"OK, so I went ahead and bought a 24 pack even though it had an aweful review. ""How Bad could it be?"" Well not so bad that I'm going to waste it but I doubt that I'll be re-ordering. **** UPDATE: I've finished most of it and it does grow on you. GET OVER THAT IT REALLY DOESN""T TASTE LIKE ROOT BEER and it's OK. Probably still won't re-order but will try their Cream Soda."
"This product couldn't be easier to prepare - simply fill the cup with boiling water and then add the miso packet, together with the packet of dried vegetables. Wait a couple minutes, stir and it's ready. And the cup is very hot! This soup is filling and has rich flavor, although a little sweet for my taste. A small splash of rice vinegar fixed that problem however. I can recommend it for a quick, simple snack. I'll probably buy it again."
"I like Taco Bell Hot Restaurant sauce, but WalMart stopped carrying it early last year. I found it here at Amazon for about 12 for $20.00+- but when I went to reorder I found the price was almost twice what it used to be. Then, last Sunday, I found that Walmart had it back in stock at $1.25 per bottle(about 1.3 the price here). I'm going to sock up tomorrow at WalMart.<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000E1FZJQ"">Taco Bell Restaurant Sauce, Hot, 7.5-Ounce Glass Bottles (Pack of 12)</a>"
"I prefer beef jerky and if this weren't on sale than I probably wouldnt have bought it (horray for amazon lightning deals) Anyways, the taste is fine, but you have to enjoy turkey. I definitely prefer beef jerky over turkey jerky but if you really like turkey go ahead and buy it. But you really might be better off just getting 1 pack at the store.. I can eat an entire pack as a quick snack because there is not much in there.."
"Not sure why anyone would say this is good. No one in my family would touch it. Not sure how to return it now. Don't order it. I edited this to add that Amazon Customer service was very good about refunding my money. I wish I would of read the reviews before buying such a large amount. Don't buy with out trying it somewhere else 1st. It really is bad tasting, and I normally like sugar free drinks. I can't even stand the smell of it."
"I used to get these instore and found a cheaper deal on Amazon. I recently realize when you open the bag, there's a strong smell (like plastic or chemicals). I tried a little bit myself and the smell is just so strong that I can't bear it. I tossed everything everything away and would not buy this again. It's made in China. You don't know what they put in the chicken strips to get them addicted or .... sick. AVOID!"
"This product was such a disappointment! As all the other reviewers said, it's a gluey, sticky texture more akin to Elmer's Glue than to an edible food product. The flavor was sickening sweet. I actually thought that the frosting had spoiled. It was that bad! Save yourself the time and $$ (I paid $4.99) and make your own frosting or go with another brand. Cherrybrook cake and cookie mixes are so good. It's hard to believe they even sell this."
"I am not sure if my cat loves Halo, but whenever I try to change brands, my cat looks happier going back to Halo. Like other reviewers, the poop seems to be least smelly. Also, one noticeable difference when I feed Halo is that my cat seems to eat in a controlled manner- eats throughout the day. I guess that is a good thing? When I feed other brands, my cat eats it uncontrollably all at once."
"I love this coffee and when I bought it, I also bought another brand. The price, around $20.00 was for two boxes of the other brand. I thought it was a pretty good deal although you can sometimes find it for $9.95 each at Target. When they arrived, I discovered that I had paid for only one box of Breakfast Blend - a complete rip-off. Even directly from Keurig, it's cheaper. Will never buy this again."
"We have these at work. the owner's wife gets them at WalMart (I think) and brings them in for us. I like them. I don't know what product the people who are dissing it are trying. It is not apple cider, but it is as close are you are going to get in a sugar free product. I can't drink real apple cider because I am on a low carb diet and apple cider is basically just liquid sugar, so is completely inappropriate for me."
The sinus buster tea had an interesting aroma when seeping; it's taste is acquired not offense at least to say more like burnt bark or really overheated coffee. I had no drainage of my sinuses while drinking one cup of the tea the next morning I could feel relief of pressure and pain. I would prefer this product over any inhaled sinus relief agent. As a plus all the ingredients of the tea are on the package in english nothing unknown.
"My main gripe -- there are no instructions for use anywhere on this product. I even peeled back the little label with the UPC code, and NOTHING. So, I wasn't quite sure how to best use this best. I use oils on my hair quite a bit -- so I put a little dab on the palm of my hands, rubbed them together, and rubbed them on my hair. Worked fine, smelled really good. I would probably use this product again."
"I used to use Bigelows green tea in tea bags. After purchasing a Keurick Kcup machine I finally found their Kcups on Amazon . For me this tea is just right at 12 oz. If I want it a little stronger I just cut back on water. A little squirt of lime juice makes it perfect. I receive my orders from Amazon fast, as I have 2day shipping. I will continue to use Amazon and Bigelow tea in future."
"I do like the energy blasts. The coca-cola flavor is by far my favorite. But here is the catch! I was racing the Xterra Mountain Championship course last year and i tried popping one in my mouth and i nearly choked. These are great for right before you start a race when you aren't winded. Once you start, they are almost impossible to chew and breathe at the same time. Great energy, but difficult to chew! Also, then the weather turns cold, they go rock hard."
"every morning i play this awesome game called ""will i actually get a cup of coffee right now or will i have to unplug and then clean out my keurig needle-thingy and start over?"" i love the double diamond the best of any k-cup for it's huge flavor but apparently that comes at a cost. it's like the cups are too packed with coffee and the machine can't handle it. what to do, what to do..."
"Disgusting, slimy, stinky! I love jerky but have a weak jaw and have trouble chewing it. A diet website recommended this meatless jerky, so I ordered it to try it. Absolutely horrible! I recently gave the entire order (except for a small bite I tasted) to a friend to be donated to feed the homeless. I hope someone may like it. It comes from the package wet and slimy and has a clove-like odor. That's about all I can remember about it."
My wife and kids LOVED these cookies! They are very tasty and have a nice fudge center. The only complaint is that a good 2/3 of the box was crumbs. This was due to shipping. I suppose if you ordered several boxes at once they would be better cushioned. As part of Vine we received just 1 box and it was fairly beat up. Overall we liked the cookies and would recommend them to chocolate lovers anywhere! Thank you for reading my review.
"Having always liked Honey-O's, I thought I would like these and I found out I liked Kellogg's version better!!! Honey-Os always had a slight chemical taste but these Crunchy Nuts have all the great flavor (and then some), with NO ODD AFTERTASTE! Sweet but not overwhelmingly so, they have a satisfying crunch to them without tearing up the inside of your mouth! A very strong honey and mild nut flavor top it off to become one of my favorite sweet cereal craving choices!"
"Snapea crisps are a fun and delicious snack for me. My only complaint is that they are not exactly gluten free, there is a chance that there could be cross contamination. So I take a risk every time I eat them. But other than that, they are a tasty, crispy and crunchy snack. (I don't really like peas but when I tried these I really liked them!) So grab yourself a bag of original snapea crisps today and you'll be hooked!"
"This salsa is in fact quite good, however, no better than other salsa verde that you might find at your local grocery store and that is made closer to where you live. If you're into hot salsa, this one is just a little hotter that, say the one sold at Trader Joe's, but you can hardly tell the difference. Bottom line is it's a good enough salsa, my concern is that it's not fantastic, and specially not worth the $10 (with shipping) for 16oz."
"I found this product first at my local Target. I was totally grossed out by the animal parts on display as I looked for a treat for my Pomeranian. When I found these I was thrilled but not as thrilled as my dog when I gave her one! She loves them and runs to the drawer I keep them in when asked if she wants a sweet potato! The next time I tried to purchase them, Target no longer carried them. Amazon to the rescue!"
"Four out of twelve cans were dented, 3 severely so--the cans are caving in. I'll try to load a picture. I have no idea if this was a shipping malfunction (the box wasn't THAT damaged) or if this is why the cans are so well priced? Now I'm wondering if they're also expired? If there is an expiration date on the can, it is encoded, so I won't be able to tell if this is just cosmetic damage or not safe to use?"
"This trap is VERY powerful. Easy to set, but needs improvement to trip lever. It needs wide flat piece on it, to prevent mole from slipping by. I have yet to nab one. Srarted using small, thin piece of wood, placed right under trip lever, bending lever did no good, dirt was just pushed up around it. Takes some practice getting it placed in position, need a sharp shooter that has been flattened out on the end. Great idea, just keep improving it."
"I recently found this blend available at my local Walmart (sorry Amazon, but it had a great price). It is a light blend such as I prefer, and tastes wonderful. I could not detect any aftertaste as you get with medium or dark coffee blends. I previously wrote a review for Green Mountain's Nantucket Blend which I recommended to those that prefer medium blends. However, this particular blend is just right for me. I highly recommend this blend to fellow Amazon customers that prefer light blends."
"I purchased this tea because it is recommended for helping women's PMS symptoms and menopause symptoms. I've only had one cup of it, so I can't say if it has helped my symptoms or not. I have purchased other teas of this brand. I would recommend their teas. I wasn't crazy about the taste of the red clover, but that is just my personal opinion. It's a little bitter but bearable. Add some sugar and you're good to go."
"Tim Tams are fantastic, but this deal isn't honestly represented on this page. The product information says ""Item Package Quantity: 11"" -- turns out this means there are 11 Tim Tams in each box. I thought it meant there were 11 boxes of Tim Tams. In fact, my shipment included 6 -- making the total cost for each box significantly higher than I had expected. I called the seller and they refused to send me more."
"These bags started off okay... but once we got to the 3rd refill we began to notice that many of the bags either a) didn't open at all or b) both ends were open! We figured maybe it was just one refill, but in four of these refills we have had the same problem. We had to throw away about 1/3 of the bags or try to use them even though they are defective. Will not be buying these in the future."
"I like Spaetzle. They go nicely with many main dishes and are good in basic soups as well. Bechtle's are cut very small, which makes them less of a plump, cushiony noodle like a true home-made spaetzle might be. I thinik it is a matter of personal preference, but I tend to prefer a larger, longer noodle. Noodles are to hold onto gravies and sauces and this one is adequate but not as satisfying as other brands."
I tried the MIO liquid peach tea in hopes of substituting it for an instant mix that I had been using. Unfortunately it does not even come close to peach tea. I was disappointed. When used as recommended (one squeeze per eight ounces of water) it has an extremely weak taste that does not resemble either peach or tea. It's difficult for me to understand why it is called an enhancer. I'll just stick with bottled water.
"The Twinings English Breakfast Tea does indeed brew quite the perfect cup of tea. I have personally used the K Cups in both the basic Keurig brewer and the commercial variety, without much difference in taste and temperature. I have tried other brands of tea in K Cup form, but the Twinings is consistently my favorite. Buying them in this large set is good for someone that knows what you are already getting, or has potentially enjoyed this tea via other forms."
"My son, my wife and I all like these fruity snacks. They are quite tasty and there is a perfectly sized serving in each pack for adults and our son usually eats half of the bag at a time. To those reviewers who rate these poorly due to price, consider reviewing the item and not the price. Luckily we got these during a sale. I will buy these again when they become cheaper again. Our son has asked for more :)"
"I love Chai! In fact, I ordered this tea because I love pumpkin and I love chai. So the two combined sounded amazing. Unfortunately it did not taste like pumpkin spice at all. I could taste the black tea more then the flavor it was printed on the box. The taste of the black tea was simular to that of a regular box of Lipton Tea, which I really do not like at all. I really would not suggest this tea to anyone."
"I decided to review this product because I need more fiber in my diet. Other Kashi bars are almost as tasty as candy bars, and I like both bananas and chocolate. This snack bar has a pleasant soft consistency, like a soft cookie. But I was unable to detect either a banana flavor or a chocolate flavor. All in all, I found this snack bar uninteresting, but useful as a means of increasing fiber in my diet."
"So many products are denatured - these are no exception. Fully expected nice ""oily"" beans just like the organic roasted ones I buy. What a surprise to find green, unroasted beans denatured (the oils removed). I expect whole, organic products to come just the way they arrived from nature - not processed. Natural, organic products that are denatured have the essentials required for good metabolism removed. They may be ""organic"" but they are certainly not WHOLE."
"I'd give this 5 stars if they'd leave the seasoning out of the can - I'm not going to eat 4 tablespoons of seasoning! So I don't want to pay for it (you're paying by the ounce) and I certainly don't want to sift through the seasoning to get all the little pieces out of it at the end. Overall - they taste excellent, they are very light & crunch & the seasoning does taste good, if only there wasn't so much of it."
"These granola bars are light and crisp-- I love the crunchy-ness and the sweet oat flavor! TWO bars have: Cal: 190 Total Fat: 8g 1g Saturated/ 0g Saturated/trans fat Carb: 27g Dietary Fiber: 3g Soluble Fiber: 1g Sugar: 10g Protein: 4g Calcium: 4% and Iron 8% Ingredients: (all organic) WHOLE GRAIN ROLLED OATS, DEHYDRATED CANE JUICE, EXPELLER PRESSED CANOLA, SUNFLOWER AND/OR SAFFLOWER OIL, HONEY, MOLASSES, OAT FIBER, OAT SYRUP SOLIDS, SEA SALT. Product of Canada. They're Kosher too, if that helps."
"The price + being organic is what drew me in to try the Stash brand... but the taste is nowhere near the Jasmine tea that I can get at my local teashop. I have tried several different ways of brewing, and the sweet jasmine aroma & taste is barely discernible. It is drinkable though, and like I said, the price was very good. I hope to try the Numi brand next -- I have heard rave reviews about their Jasmine Pearl teas!"
I was so looking forward to hours of enjoyment for my basset hounds but it turned out they figured out how to get the treats out in less than 5 minutes. What fun is that for them or for me? I'll go broke reloading treats all the time. Don't waste your money. Medium difficulty?? I don't think so. I invested close to $40 and I doubt I can return it because it is full of basset slobber now.
My 6 little chihuahuas are quite fussy! When I buy treats invariably one or two end up disliking them. These little treats were loved by everybody. My little long haired boy sees the box and spins until I give him one. They are soft and are manageable for the tiny dogs with tiny teeth. Sojos came out with a statement that they DO NOT USE any of the peanut butter affected by the recent recalls. So you can relax if you want to try them!
"It's the 3rd bad batch now and I'm certain it's become a new standard. I know they changed the can material (tan/copper vs. brushed stainless look), but the product?? It is now DRY, and almost impossible to penetrate with a plastic fork. Other 5oz items are fine, as they used to be, so I'm switching to the bigger cans :( I used to like this product for its size, as my cat eats small, but, oh well."
"I am rather disappointed in Knorr's three new additions to the noodle line. I am a huge fan of Knorr and have been eating their noodles since I was a child. This one really is lacking in the flavor department. The bag advertises ""lemon"" flavor. As hard as I may try, I can not detect even a hint of lemon. Overall, these noodles are rather bland. I would stick to the other flavors in their Italian line which are much better (although somewhat hard to find)."
"I have been buying popped chips at my Weight Watchers meetings (their brand) and loved them so when I saw these on Amazon, I had to try them. I loved having the assortment to sample--barbeque was my favorite--but they were actually all pretty good. I have not reordered them simply because they have almost doubled in price in just over a month. They were great at 50 cents a bag--I'm not so sure if they'd be as good at almost a dollar."
This cream is more for normal to oily skin rather then dry/mature skin. It goes on nicely and gets absorbed quickly. It leaves a nice smooth feel on your skin like the more expensive creams do. However this cream has an overpowering sweet jasmine smell. The smell does not fade. People will only smell your face cream. This could be used as face cream/cheap perfume. I thought I can get used to the smell but it's too strong and rather unpleasent.
"I received this shampoo weeks ago and have been using it ever since. It suds up nicely and really cleans my hair. For curly-haired people, this is a great, light shampoo that doesn't feel heavy on your hair. The volume-boosting has worked well, and my hair is not frizzy at all after using this product. Also, it has a light floral smell. You'd be surprised at how many volumizing shampoos have a strong, chemically odor. This was aces all around. Great, great product!"
"These are decent ... and MUCH better than the other think thin bars. However, the #1 ingredient is PEANUTs. I'm not sure that ""mixed nuts"" is apt but it's tasty for being so low in sodium (90mg) & sugars (3g) and gluten-free. I'd buy them again but would wait until they're on sale. Nutrition: 190 cal, 11g fat, 10g protein, 5g fiber Major Ingredients: Peanuts, soy crisps, almonds, chickory extract, cashews, maltitol, brown rice syrup, honey, soy lecithin, flavoring, salt."
"My partner and I tried this coffee this morning. I'm usually skeptical about most advertising claims, so I wasn't expecting much from this coffee, but I have to say it's great. We both suffer from acid reflux, and had put the coffee maker away because we just couldn't drink it anymore. So we were both thrilled with this coffee. No acid reflux, and the taste was wonderful. Very pleased, and the coffee maker will stay out on the counter from now on!"
This is the most fantastic buy of an excellent product. Have tried growing for over 20 yrs and never had any decent results. Even companys are coming out w/Dill Mayos etc. Nothing can compare to this FRONTIER* brand. Now to see what other spices they have. A pinch/sprinkle on a BLT [on the tomatoes] or Cheeseburger creates a new level of satisfaction to one's tastebuds. On eggs/and veggies - Home fries/and of course Seafoods/ Cod/Trout/Salmon/ and all ...
"This is a good idea in theory, especially for those like me that prefer healthy salty snacks. Unfortunately, as much as I wanted to like these, they didn't taste like food - hard to describe, but the 'primal' branding doesn't help as I did feel like I was eating something I wasn't supposed to. While the first one I tried was novel, I easily tired of them and then plain got grossed out by them. I won't be getting these again."
"After reading the reviews I decided to take advantage of the special Amazon was offering. Wow! Excellent chip and of course you can enjoy it more knowing it has no cholesterol or saturated fat. Fortunately the bags are small which helps you control your calorie intake. But, they are highly addictive. I have only tried the regular, but I will definitely be ordering some of the other flavors later on. I recommend that every one try them, although at regular price they are quite expensive."
"I found this stuff at Wegman's grocery store in VA while we were on the east coast for a short time. I've been looking all over for it since! So I'm so happy to have found it here on Amazon! Don't hesitate to try it, it's fabulous! If you like hot apple cider, you'll absolutly love this stuff! I heat up a cup of apple cider then use one of these tea bags and it's heavenly!"
"When I visit the store the cookies are always whole. I don't live near a Trader Joes so I thought I would try and order them. When I got the product there wasn't a whole cookie in the bag, all crumbs. Very disappointed at 8.00 a bag it wasn't a good deal. I can get them at a store cheaper but my daughter wanted them and so I got them. Not happy at all.... The cookies are good when they are a whole....."
"These refillable k-cups are a bit pricey, but will save you money & make a great cup of coffee, provided you use the right coffee. I've found you need to go with a stronger coffee than you would normally use because it comes out weaker than with the actual K-cups or a traditional coffee brewer. Use a stronger coffee & you won't be disappointed. I've had them for 8 or 9 months and they hold up."
"OK I know cute tittle! Let me first say I received this product free as part of amazon.com's VINE Program to generate reviews. I have has heartburn/acid reflux since I was a teenager (yes nervous kid) and I am always looking for low acid products. This Puroast Low Acid coffee taste great, you cannot tell, the difference between this and any fine french roast and you won't get heartburn. So I can give this a high recommendation."
"I have eaten the Miracle Noodles angel hair variety, prepared several ways, and could not tolerate the texture. The Tofu Shirataki Noodles fettuccine has a much better texture. The best use I have found is in Asian type soups, let the Tofu Shirataki noodles simmer a little while in the soup broth and they taste good. I do not like these noodles cooked in Italian recipes. Overall, the Tofu Shirataki noodles are an acceptable substitute for authentic pasta since I'm trying to lose weight."
I use a double batch to emulate the Toll House cookies and they turn out quite well. A lot of chocolate chunks in them. My sister bought some other brand (forget the name) and the cookies were anemic looking with just 1 chunk per cookie. They were also much drier. When I do use a single batch for cookies I take them out just before they look like they are done and continue baking on the cookie sheet. Nice and moist!
"I ordered the CET HEXtra Premium Oral Hygiene Chews with Chlorhexidine for Large Dogs and the bag that i received did say that on the front, but when i opened the package, the chews inside wer for a much smaller dog. I have been giving this same item to my Labrador for 4 years and i KNOW that these are not what they are supposed to be. I am very disappointed that i spent money on a sham!"
"My 110 lb mastiff loves this toy, so much so that we got him a second one just to use when we take him to the in laws house. He destroys bones like it's his job, and this one we have had for a little over a year now (with quite a few other nylabones on the ground). This makes the bones last a little longer when they have a large variety to choose from every day!"
"I love full-bodied, dark-roast coffee, but many of the typical low-acid and decaf coffees have a bland, chemical taste to them. Not the Puroast. While it doesn't have all the complexities of my favorite beans, it has a full taste with a bit of the tartness I associate with dark roast and none of the chemical taste of other low-acid coffees. If you enjoy coffee but have difficulty with the acid, then you may enjoy the Puroast."
You wnat to be sure you like beans before you purchase a pack of 12 but I must say that these have great flavor and probably a nicer texture than other beans I have tried that didnt get lost in the canning or storage process as it can adversely affect other products. These are a great source of protein and we use these regularly when we do not want to cook meat or just as a lunch item.
"I used to use the organic vegetable broth cartons but was looking for a lower sodium alternative. Sodium is better then what I had been using, not ideal, and I like the flavor. Tends to clump a little. The cost is much better, especially on Subsribe and Save. I like not wasting all those cartons which were not recyclable, as far as I know. Product was shipped promptly as usual. Not sure if it really has MSG or not as some of the reviews suggested."
"Low quality and low flavor hot sauce....not all that hot either. If you need some hot sauce and have nothing else around, then this will do, but that there are so many other choices, this is the worst choice to make. Even regular tobasco sauce is much much better. I can only describe it as being similar to watery taco bell sauce. I would recommend Frontera Hot Sauce, Tobasco, or Cholula Hot sauce over this."
"I was hopefully that since this was a mixed food combo it would be thicker in consistency - WRONG! It was like straight water. It made such a messy. I used it with my 6 month old who has recently started solids, but this was a disaster. He did seem to like the flavor, that's why I gave it 2 stars. I am going to keep it so that when he older I can mix it with some oatmeal for breakfast."
"Initially, my dog liked this, and she was very active and healthy on it. I believe after the first bag was done, and i bought a second, i must have gotten one that was manufactured after Procter & Gamble bought the company. The food started giving my dog diarreah and she will not touch it. I have read SEVERAL negative reviews on other sites regarding this brand and dogs getting very sick. i DO NOT recommend this."
"Not a favorite of mine, but I don't really like cinnamon in my coffee. I purchased a Donut House variety pack and this came in the box. Friends of mine who do like cinnamon in their coffee have tried it and thought it was good. The coffee brews a bit weak, as well. I do love the regular Donut House flavor, as well as the Chocolate Glazed Donut (yum!). Overall, I think people that like a light brewed cinnamon coffee would love this."
"I love this coffee! It has been my regular morning brew for many years, and everyone I have ever served it to also loves it. I don't like dark roasted coffees, but that is pretty much all you can buy these days. I also don't like South American coffees; I find them too light and acidic. This medium roast mocha-java is just right for me. Robust and flavorful, but without the burned, oily taste of a dark roast."
"I have ordered nemerous boxes of the KIND Almond & Coconut bars. I have never counted the contents until today. I recently received 2 boxes and 1 of the boxes contained only 10 bars. I was surprised and recounted 3 times. I opened the 2nd box and there were 12 bars. I was disappointed in this shipment of KIND bars. AMAZON, I want my other 2 bars of Almond & Coconut. I will be counting all boxes in the future."
"I'm the biggest Oreo cookie eater you'll ever find, so when I discovered they make sandwich cookies I was interested however the taste is significantly different from a regular cookie. The icing is the same, but the cookie part is soft and mushy like a moonpie. You can't really dip these in milk because they fall apart. Not recommended for those who grew up with the dippable kind of Oreo cookies (that being most of us)."
"I love the tender bites as do my senior cats (17 & 18 yrs old). But I do question the price, which is a unusual. I get the 24 count variety pack for $9.49 at my local Food Lion grocery store. I would expect a 48 count pack to be no more than double that price (18.98) so $28.11 would seem a bit high. Unless of course 48 means 48 - 12 pack boxes. Then the description needs a little work."
"Amazon offered a terrific price for this product. I bought 2 packs of 6 to get free shipping. Well you get what you pay for! The packing looked like it had been done by a five year old child: huge box, little filler for these weighty items. 3 of the boxes were crushed, one had burst and was completely empty. Fortunately, Amazon customer service refunded the price of one 6-pack. What was left to drink has been tasty!"
"I have ordered Hawaiian Shaved Ice 10 pint pack for $44 and this time around decided to try Great Northern Polar's 10 pint pack for $29 (both have free Super Saver Shipping). I was pleasantly surprised and happy with my Great Northern purchases upon testing. The ten flavors all taste very delicious and I prefer the texture of the shaved ice when G N P's syrup is poured on, as opposed to Hawaiian Shaved Ice's. I'd definitely recommend this less expensive option for snow cone syrup!!"
"The problem we've found with gluten free products is, primarily, the textures are different than the wheat flour products, with the wheat products being familiar and preferred. However, the VitaSpelt pasta is very much like the wheat pasta, in the opinion of my kids. They eat it up and ask for more. Personally, I also prefer the VitaSpelt products when eating gluten free pasta. Both the texture and flavor are what one would anticipate and prefer if they are yet unaccustomed to the gluten free diet."
I usually drink this in the af'noon and find it perfect mild bold drink using 1/2 the amount of water required. the aroma is wonderful and the brew flavors expand as you mull the first few sip around in your mouth..the wife also finds it her 2nd choice as Nantucket grabs her attentions 1st. This is not a Kpod but has a mesh bottom..thus I found it tended to lose floavor if not sealed in plastic bag...just an heads up for new customers.
"Although I read the reviews before I bought this item, the cost for the 4 pack was so good that I felt it irresistible. Should have known better! It was as a previous reviewer had said a disappointment.I had bought this brand before and it was the best flavour I had ever had here in the US. Now I want to try something that comes from India o the UK. Hope someone has some good ideas."
"Let me first establish that I am a BIG Zevia soda fan. I also do a lot of shopping through AMAZON. Now, with all that said here's my problem with this product....where the heck is the Zevia Cherry Cola that was advertised?!?!? I ordered CHERRY COLA but received LIME COLA instead. Now, I try to contact AMAZON but all get is that this product is non-returnable. Wassup Wit Dis???? C'mon AMAZON, I know you can do better that this!!!"
"For thirty dollars, this fifty pack is a great price. The Via coffees taste a little different than a drip pot method, but it is much quicker, easier and leaves no mess. You just heat water in a microwave, add the coffee from the packet, stir and drink. I purchased these for my wife, but I occasionally have one as well. She is a stay at home mom and this quick, easy coffee is the best option."
"I love Turkish Delight and have been fortunate enough to have it freshly made while I was living overseas. I was a bit disappointed when I tried these. While the flavor is generally fine, they are exceedingly sweet and they weren't quite as soft as I had hoped, but that my be much to ask for in a packaged product. If you like Turkish Delight and aren't too picky about the texture, you'd probably like these fine."
"We missed that this coffee is packaged ""For Use only in Single Serve Home Coffee Pod Brewers."" Doh. We don't have such a brewing device, so I cut open the packets and used the loose, ground beans in our french press (and this worked well). The coffee itself is outstanding (at least via our french press). A nice smooth, rich flavor; a hint of fruit in the smell; very little acid taste. We quite enjoyed it."
"I tried this brand of green tea after drinking both Celestial Seasonings and Twinings green teas. This one had a very strong, very strange flavor. It almost tasted like a meat broth rather than a tea. I think another reviewer who described it as a ""burnt"" flavor may have gotten it right. I tried it once, and immediately switched back to Twinings. I recently tried a second bag, thinking maybe I overreacted the first time, but had to pour it away."
"not only is this product from China, but the cans were so badly dented, I could not tell if they are punctured. The damage did not occur during shipping. The case inside the shipping box was attempted to be taped up but it was in pieces. Since I will not feed anything to my dogs from China, I requested a refund. If I knew that this was a Product of China, I would not have purchased."
"Switch has been the first ""soda alternative"" that I've LOVED! It's got a delightful fresh fruit flavor, refreshing bubbles, and no aftertaste. It is sweet and juicy tasting, reminds me a little of Orange Crush. The tangerine flavor adds just the right note to peak your interest and overcome becoming just another orange drink. However, the price point of just at $1 a can prevents me from keeping it stocked in our home. Still, I would recommend it for an occasional treat."
"I had high hopes for these snack bars, but it's difficult to get excited about them. The flavor is okay, the calorie count and nutrition are okay. But that's about it. The biggest problem I have with them is the consistency. Each bar is chewy but dry. It's almost as if they took a decent loaf of banana bread and compressed it into a small bar. Sorry guys, but I appreciate a little better snack experience."
"Fell in love with this dressing after trying and buying it at Costco. They don't carry it anymore, so I am glad to find it here. So much fuller tasting than average grocery store salad dressing brands. Yes, it is sweet and a little tangy, kind of thick. (We like it because it has no egg.) We just don't seem to get tired of it. Have not tried it as a marinade. Thought I better add our review, since we appreciate the comments of others."
"For me , broccoli sitting by itself on a plate could not possibly be more unappealing. Put it in soup with cheddar , or mix it in Kraft Velveeta skillets , and I'm all in. So easy to prepare , and so delicious. The dinner for the wife and I was ready in a couple of minutes , and satisfying. The box provided enough for two , and enough palette satisfaction that I can see this fast becoming a dinner fave"
I have no idea how to use this product. I've ordered raw Shea Butter on the past and though it starts off thick it immediatly melts in your hand. This stuff showed up as rock hard lumps and you can mess with it for minutes and only end up with a small greasy coating on your hands. It would probably take you an hour to try to moisturize your whole body. Really wish I'd stuck to Shea or just bought some Palmers.
"I ordered 1 case (12 bags) of the Pumpernickel and Jalapeno Cheddar sandwiches to give to a friend who who is going through Chemo/radiation, as these are his favorite. I was amazed that I put the order in yesterday afternoon and they arrived this morning. That was great! However, I was disappointed that the expiration date on all of the bags is Feb 13, 2011. 6 weeks from now. BOO on this from a quality perspective."
"Actually ordered these K-cups for my daughter who likes them. I kept a couple of them to try and although I'm not big on flavored coffee, I kind of like this taste once in awhile. Probably would not buy a whole box for myself but keeping a couple of cups around is good for me. I think this is a taste that you would either like or hate. But I can see how it's really different from the sweeter flavored ones."
"Thought I was doing a good thing for my doxie mix by getting one of the better brands as listed on dogfoodanalysis but boy was I mistaken. Gradually made the change from her old food to the new and she hates it. She has thrown up twice so far. I will be taking my loss and throwing the rest out. Back to her old food. It may be great for some dogs, just didn't work for mine."
"Obviously, the price is right -- so that's 1 star right there. And the convenience of super-saver delivery spares me I don't even know how many trips to Niger. That's another star. However, try as I might, I could never get this stuff to enrich to fully weapons-grade. If it worked half as well in my ballistic missiles as it does in my research reactor, it'd be 5 stars. Maybe you'll have better luck. It's possible that my centrifuge is hinky."
"There is an image displaying 20 different K cups, you do not get that in this package. Beware of the Fine Print. I received Doubles of 10 different brands. Some of the brands I received were shown in the picture and some were not. We were hoping to try the Starbucks blonde brand and that one was not in the box, but it is featured in the picture to the bottom right. I would not buy this product again."
"I am not a fan of eye creams. I have very oily skin to begin with BUT, I love that it is organic, I love that it is natural and I would say without a doubt if that is the life you are striving for then this is the product for you. I have to say the smell is a little overpowering to go to sleep with, that is the only downfall. I got a sample of this through the NTH Review Group @ [...]"
I was disappointed because I wanted to make up party favor bags containing each of the flavors but whereas there were tons of cherry there only a few - 13 to be exact - of the sour apple lollipops which of course is everyone's favorite. I had to buy more of the sour apple from a local organic store. Typically when a vendor bags an assortment they make sure there are equal amounts of each flavor but not in this case.
"When I saw the Spicy Thai chips, I knew i had to try them. I love spicy and I love Thai food, so why not? First off, these chips are not super spicy. They actually taste sort of sweet at first, with many degrees of flavor. The spiciness is more of a lingering taste that bites afterwards. I'd say these are definitely a good, unique chip. But if you absolutely hate sweet chips, I'd try a different flavor since these are a little sweet."
I do not recommend this food for your pet. I ordered this as a replacement food for my two adult boxers. About a week after transitioning to this food my two year old female started having head tremors. I did some research and found that this is benign and can happen with foods with certain ingredients. I changed the food and the head tremors stopped. I now feed my dogs Taste of the Wild and love it.
"I was so surprised to see how tiny this basket is!! I think it may be 12in height and 12in in length. It looks a $15 gift basket and I don't even think the exact items or basket is used! I can see in this picture that the basket is ""taller."" I was very disappointed and I am so embarrassed to give this as a gift. I can't believe I paid $40 for it. I'll probably go to Costco/ Sams for a better quality basket."
"I've never been much of a green tea person but this one is absolutely great. I bought it at a local grocery story and fell in love with it, so of course I had to find a case of it on here and order it. The tea has a great flavor that can actually hold up to the amount of sweet I add to it. This will be a regular staple in my home now and it's great hot or cold."
"I ordered these as a gift and they came in a brown paper bag. That's it. How does one give a gift that comes in a brown paper bag? Should have went to a retail store. Makes me wonder what the quality is. Did they just pick them up off of the floor and put random ones in a bag? Also, if your looking for a majority of eggnog flavored coffee, I certainly got a disproportionate amount. Merry Christmas."
"I ordered the Nico brand before this because it seemed to have good reveiws. Then I noticed I had the reviews sorted by best to worst instead of most recent. Nico's was from concentrate and tasted like it. I think Nico no has some that are not from concentrate since so many people complained. In any regard, this one tastes like it came right from the coconut without any processing. So, get this one if you want pure coconut water with no surprises."
"I am probably not the best reviewer - I love dark roasts. <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CHFSL6"">Diedrich Coffee, Dark French Roast, 24-Count K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 2)</a> is usually my coffee of choice, but I'm trying to find a lighter roast I enjoy. Darker roasts aren't healthy for you - they say light roasts are much better. I won't give up yet, but this definitely isn't the one I can drink every day. I found it bitter - a very odd taste."
"Every Christmas, I send my brother and his family a gift basket. Prior years I have always used Wine Country Gift Baskets, but this year I decided to do something different. I searched Amazon, and found this gift basket that seemed nice. When I asked my brother how it was - he said that the packaging was unimpressive, the food contents were not that good, and that overall, next year I should go back to Wine Country gift baskets. And I will."
"We've been using Greenies Pill Pockets for a couple of years with all our pets (dogs and cats). They are great! They are often much larger than the tabs and capsules, so we frequently only use 1/3 or 1/2 of each pill pocket per dose. That works out even better because we get more pill pockets for our money! I have even put more than one pill in the pocket, with no issues from the pets."
"A handful of these Quaker Oatmeal Squares make a great snack. They are reasonably healthy and have a great taste of brown sugar with a big crunch. Unfortuanetly, they don't do so well in milk. Although they hold their crunch very well, they quickly lose their flavor in milk. I guess that the ""hint of brown sugar"" isn't enough to stand up to the milk. So, they becaome a somewhat flavorless crunchy breakfast. Not bad, but not so great."
"I love a good cup of hot cocoa now and then. However, this product tastes awful! My Keurig machine has two cups sizes and even on the smaller size the hot cocoa tastes very watered down. We have to brew a k cup AND add half a packet of regular hot cocoa to make it drinkable! I think that this is unacceptable especially since these cups cost more than the coffee ones. We are gradually using our pack up, but WILL NEVER buy this product again!"
"This Wild Planet salmon gives me a lot of energy. It feels like the salmon is beefed up with something they feed it. I tried store bought wild salmon and ate as much as 6 ounces, but I did not get the severe energy spike this Wild Planet salmon gave me. For example, at 10pm I ate a whole can and had so much energy I could not fall asleep. EVen when I did fall asleep, I slept litely."
"I was actually pretty disappointed with these, which really is inconvenient now that I have an entire case of them! A bunch of them were all but broken when I opened the boxes, and my kids aren't big fans of them either. They are picky, but pizza or anything even remotely pizza usually never fails... no such luck here. That and plan on having to bake them to warm them (which takes 25 plus minutes), otherwise they come out a bit soggy from the microwave..."
"I mainly bought this because my son has fairly bad ADHD and I wanted to try more natural routes before things like medication. I am not sure it helps him that much at all, but I know it does help me calm down enough to get sleep when I remember to take it. Which is good, because my insomnia was driving me absolutely nuts! I have to get more 100% cranberry juice, because I prefer this mixed in with juice than I do with water."
I purchased a can of these Hunter Gourmet at Sam's Club thinking I was purchasing a can of mixed nuts. Was I surprised to open the can and find very few nuts....mostly crackers. Very disappointed. The outside wrapper appears that one is buying a nice size can of mixed nuts. I hope this remark gets to the manufacturer. I was not able to pick up squirrel brand web site on the computer to leave my remarks with them..Jan
"Chili-flavored Ramen? I was hesitant to order, let alone even try this flavor of Ramen noodles. But I figured for the low price, why not? The noodles itself are noodles but it's the flavor packet that makes all the difference. The chili flavor isn't too bad at all. I now prefer it over the several other Ramen flavors I've tried. The level of spiciness is perfect and I am (actually) happy with this purchase. So much so that I ordered another 24 packs of it."
"Though this coffee was expensive compared to regular store-bought, I am a huge fan. Coffee usually tears up my stomach so I've been a tea drinker for years, but this coffee has a low-acidic level so I can handle it. The aroma is enticing and the bag lasted a long time. I am a fan of beans versus grounds so that was another plus. It was prompt and the packaging ensured my coffee stayed fresh and intact."
"I'm a fan of Greenies for dogs. However, this size is just too small and almost immediately snap in half. The issue with that is they end up chewing each 1/2 down to a size that is easy to gag and choke on. Part of the advantage to Greenies is that they're supposed to break down to tiny bits that are easily swallowed. These breaking in half defeats the purpose. For puppies and even for grown up tiny dogs I recommend going one size up."
"I wanted to like this coffee, I did. We've tried other Wolfgang Puck K-Cups and have been pleasantly surprised. This just did not impress us. Bitter aftertaste, and it has an almost sickeningly vanilla flavor. Smells great while brewing, but just does not live up to it in the cup. I'm really disappointed because I now have a box and a half of this product that we really do not want to drink! Great price though."
"This is a great jerkey substitute if you're vegetarian. The problem is, when it is stale, it's very hard to chew* (but still tastes good). When it is fresh, it is absolutely awesome. Stonewall's is my favorite brand of vegetarian jerkey. If you don't like your jerkey hot, I suggest you try mild or teriyaki. Otherwise, this is the stuff for you! *Edit: Someone suggested heating in microwave for about 10 seconds to soften it, and that works beautifully!"
"I'm used to to frozen Sambazon acai pulp that I use for smoothies. This was tasteless, I needed 3-4 scoops for one smoothie and even then could not taste the acai flavor. Usually acai will make the smoothie a rich purple color, this powder didn't do that and watch out, it will give you gas. I couldn't read the expiration date because there was a sticker over it.. hmm... It was a very small amount for 12.00 too. I'm going back to frozen sambazon."
"I couldn't send this product back because I had to open it to take a look at the product. On first glance, I wasn't impressed at all. Perhaps I was expecting to be wow-ed and was disappointed instead. The candy was damaged. I am hoping no one else played around with this candy before I received it. The box it came in was cute with its little bow. I'm afraid to eat the candy because it looks like its been handled. It's not worth the money."
"Okay, so I got stuck in a small town in the middle of the Midwest for two months and this was the only premade satay sauce available... I paid the price for my laziness when I made Thai satay chicken with this. I'm pretty sure the makers of this have never actually tasted Thai peanut sauce. If you want to make this yourself, just mix a huge amount of vinegar with salt and a dash of peanut butter. Seriously."
"My headline pretty much sums it all up. This Bigalow Green Tea is your basic run of the mill, cheap, low quality bagged Green Tea. It hardly even tastes like actual Green Tea, it's been so refined. This stuff is definitely ""Bottom of the barrel"". However, it's cheap, and it's better than drinking soda or something, so if this contributes to your lifestyle change, GREAT! I recommend looking into a higher quality Green Tea though. Organic, and possibly a Matcha variety."
"I always look to amazon to save me some money. This is a good quality product for a price below the grocery stores (even better than most sale prices) I can't say the flavor is better than homemade seasoning or some gourmet products out there, but it tastes right for the price and is convenient enough to make for a quick dinner. I will buy again as long as the price stays the same ($10.91 when I purchased with Subscribe and Save)"
"The texture of this food is like cooled pea soup. It's not as stiff as some of the pate style foods and my cat likes it. All but the veggies that is. So she leaves not only the veggies, and there are a lot of them, but also a good bit of the chicken surrounding each veggy. This makes for more waste than I am willing to tolerate so I won't be buying any more Spot's Stew."
"When these came out I couldn't get enough of them... until I read the ingredients. THERE ARE ARTIFICIAL FLAVORS IN THIS ""HEALTHY"" SNACK! I stopped cold turkey! Still jonesing for them when I pass them in the store isles. But, I just found here on Amazon that Blue Diamond puts one out as well with no BAD ingredients, according to their website. Gonna give them a try. EMERALD IS CHEATING & MISLEADIING! They know what they're doing. That's like the MSG flavoring in Chinese food...BAD!"
"I was sad to see these plastic bottles obviously do not keep the fizz in the perrier. I do not mean that the water is flat after storing an opened bottle, I am talking about how the plastic is obviously somewhat porous because the water was flat before I had a chance to even open it. Perrier in glass bottles never have this problem. So sad to have to get a refund on the whole 12 bottles, totally undrinkable."
"Although our dog loved the taste of these bully sticks, they smelled to high heaven. I know that bully sticks aren't supposed to smell like roses, but these things were the worst! It smelled like the worst case of foot funk ever. I thought that maybe if I aired them out it would be better, but that did not help. Our dog was so excited to have this treat, but in the end, we threw them all away because we couldn't handle the odor any longer."
My cats became violently ill after eating the Instinct Rabbit Dry food. They were throwing up and stopped eating. They had to be force fed and nearly died. After several vet visits they recovered. I wrote a letter to Natures Variety and sent them a sample of the tainted food for testing. I was hoping I could save other cats from getting sick. They replied that they would not do anything until more cats became ill.
"No sugar added, but it's still pretty sweet and kids will drink them. Price is good especially with subscribe and save. Shipping is pretty fast too. As for products made in China, as far as food is concerned, sometimes they are safer. Some preservatives and additives are banned in China for food products, but the same thing are allowed to use in food in US. Friends from China are shocked at how much food coloring is used for kids' food!"
Before trying this tea I'd been drinking the packets my husband brought home from Japan. The stash had the same nutty flavor of the good japanese green tea but the bags were fragile and leaked tea leaf into the cup. Just a personal pet peeve. I bought the Stash green tea based on a review I read in Men's Health magazine that rated Stash as having the highest level of anti oxidents (and Caffeine) in those tested.
"I bought this, based on the reviews. Big mistake. While I agree, it is less expensive than other name brand chocolate bars, there is not much of a creamy texture I expect in milk chocolate. I also think it is to sweet, at least for my taste. But opinions are like noses, everyone has one and they are all different. So I would suggest not basing a purchase of any product based only on the reviews you see"
"I really liked these gnocchi, they were delicious Though it's true what the other reviews said about not a strong sweet potato flavor. So I microwaved a sweet potato and addded it to the gnocchi. It made a nice meal. I gave a couple of packages to friends and they liked the taste as well. You just have to not overcook. I bought the Gia Russo whole wheat spaghetti and liked that as well. I am now going to order Gia Russo mini gnocchi."
"We received a sampler package from Amazon that had several flavors....cheddar, bbq, sour cream/onion, plain, salt and pepper, and also the salt and vinegar. I've already received our first shipment of just the vinegar version. These are a good salty fix without the calories...and each proportioned pouch is satisfying in one sitting. I would've liked to try the garlic parm but it wasn't included. Our #1 is salt and vinegar and #2 would probably be the salt and pepper."
"I love chocolate covered pretzels, and these are pretty good. The chocolate is above average quality for covered pretzels, but there isn't a heavy coating, which is a minus in my book. It's easy to eat the whole bag in one sitting. I have tried the dark chocolate variety but found those to be pretty tasteless, the milk chocolate definitely complements the pretzels. If they would just add a bit more chocolate coating they would get 5 stars."
"I simply cannot recommend this food highly enough. My formerly picky eater is ecstatic every time she hears the can open, and I feel confident that the food I'm giving her is not full of unnecessary carbs and additives. Since switching to Weruva, she's lost the 2 pounds our vet suggested she lose, and her fur is incredibly soft and shiny. At her annual exam, the vet actually asked, ""What on earth are you feeding this cat to make her look so good?!"""
"Iv'e tried a few different gluten-free breads and they all left a LOT to be desired. I ate them only because I hadn't stumbled across this brand of bread mix yet. When I did, I really liked it and then I ordered it by the 6-pak. I've made, plain, cheese and cinnaman in my breadmaker and have enjoyed them all. I do have to hold myself back from slicing off the first warm piece and loading it with butter. Other then that I have NO complaints."
"I was so excited when I ordered this tea, I couldn't wait to try it. When I opened it and sniffed it, I noticed there wasn't really an aroma. Most teas have an aroma. When I started putting the tea into my little tea ball it wasn't at all like other loose teas that I have had. It's all crushed and dusty. There is absolutely no flavor to this tea. I am really disappointed, especially since other people seem to love it."
"I bought 10 of these burlap bags for red potatoes and garlic from our garden. However, the picture of the product is misleading - it shows the bag tied closed, which would suggest to me that it has a tie string at the top. It does NOT. No string and no hanging hook. So I had to thread my own twine into the bag to accomplish this. Had I known this I would have gone a different direction."
"I'm pretty sure a lot of us have tried the ""Chef's"" spaghetti, ravioli, etc. These little microwaveable bowls make it so easy to have lunch, a snack, or dinner. It's not only great for kids but it's good for adults, too. It's nice to have a variety on hand when someone gets the ""munchies"" and doesn't have a lot of time to cook. It's not gourmet by any means but definitely satisfies the appetite for a little Italian food......quick and easy."
"*rolls eyes at other reviewer* of course its going to smell like a campfire they roast the tea over pine and its awesome!!! I love this tea, but their suggestion of one teaspoon is a bit conservative for black tea you usually do one tablespoon per cup not a teaspoon, its up to preference but i love this tea and the fact that it reminds me of camping is a plus! it makes me feel good, and it tastes great too!"
"I purchased two cases of Merricks Wingalings and Smothered Comfort. The label states ""whole thighs"" and ""whole wings"" but that is a lie. Once opened, the cans have one - if you're lucky two pieces. The rest (3/4 of each can) is processed cubes of who knows what my dog refuses to eat. Merricks should either fill the can with what they advertise - ""WHOLE thighs and wings"" - plural - or tell the consumer the truth about what they are selling here."
"Thought I would give it a try since we love the velveeta shells and cheese. This is NOT a good meal at all. The ""pasta"" was like thick, thick rice pieces that once it was in your mouth it felt as though you were eating bugs, I've never had a pasta with that shape and texture before. The ""broccoli"" was dried powder. The kids didn't like this meal nor did my husband and I. I think Velveeta should just stick with their shells and cheese."
Omg thus stuff was decadent. I mean really couldn't put it down. I'm not Greek or middle eastern in any way and have never tried the really authentic stuff but man I can only say that this is probably the best baklava type pastry ive ever had. Try their other varieties as well. All I can say is brew a pot of coffee and enjoy. It is really great stuff. They also have sugar free varieties.
"I can' help but laugh at the thought of breaking up the Cheetos to cut calories. Sensible snacking is what is most important. This isn't the healthiest snacks despite the real cheese. Anything modified is genetically altered. If I remember they do have an organic variety. This is one of those novelty junk foods,and a true guilty pleasure. You just have to get them once in awhile. They are like ice cream in the summer time, at an ice cream venue!"
"Peppermint mocha is a favorite holiday tradition in our family. There is just something about that flavor that gets you in the spirit. This has a smooth, velvety taste and is easy to make. This is not coffee though so it is not like McDonald's Peppermint Mocha drink. More like their Peppermint Chocolate Milk. The only thing wrong with this product was ours came with the foil seal open at the corner. I would figure that was an anomaly and not the norm, however."
"I really like the taste and texture of Peace brand cereals and raspberry-ginger is my favorite. I can't always find it in stores so I'm glad amazon has it and makes it available for Prime shipping. I do wish the cereal had more fiber (only 3g per serving, quite low for a health cereal), and there's some fat content (3.5g per serving) that comes from the granola-like clusters. Overall, though, it's a great tasting and nutritious choice."
I ordered decaf hazelnut k-cups from Gloria Jean (that's what I clicked on) what came in the mail was non-decaf (regular) I cannot drink regular coffee. I was dismayed to see they were not returnable. If it were not for Amazon's wonderful policy (they refunded me anyway!) I would be stuck with coffee I could not use. This is why I order 90% of my online purchases from Amazon. I will go back to Paul Newman decaf k-cups. They arrive as ordered.
"This stuff is NASTY. I don't even think it's particularly good instant. Why would anyone spend all that money on a keurig coffee maker in order to make instant coffee at home? You just need a kettle or a microwave. And what a waste of space in your kitchen and landfill. The worst part is that you don't know it's instant until you taste it, look carefully at the package, and see that it's ""water soluble""-- code words for instant. Open one up, and you'll see!"
I bought this and it taste good it's green tea it's obviously not sugar so for it being tea it's not half bad. My only complaint was that it's 100 packages and when I got mine delivered it literally expired in less than a month do they really expect me to drink 3 tea bags a day. So if you do buy this only buy one at a time don't buy more than one box at a time.
"I have been a fan of Wintergreen Altoids for years. When my last 12-pack ran out, I picked up a 2-pack of tins at a local store. These taste nothing like they used to, and in fact taste nothing like wintergreen at all. This flavour is like a combination of peppermint and ozone. I will not be buying any more until they follow Coca-Cola's example and bring back a ""Classic"" formulation. Neither will I be consuming the remainder of this most recent package."
"I make my tea the classic way; the Turkish way. In which I put the pouch inside a little container with 3 cups of water brought to boil, and another larger container underneath it that has only water. This process in Turkish is called ""demlemek"", or to brew. The concentrated tea is then mixed with water with a proportion of my liking. The result is the proper way of making tea, and the Ginger & Lemon taste bursts to your delight."
"I have tried these croustades, and although they are not fantastic, they are good enough for big parties. what you put in them is more important. However, the price at Amazone is very high! Although it is difficult to find them, I found them in local food stores and they cost $2.99 each package!! vs $12.85 at Amazone!! if you purchase 3 it will cost $8,65 which is still almost 3 times more expensive than in the store."
"These snacks are great! The natural flavor is a lot like the Slim Jims we ate as kids. Only these are healthier! Great to carry in purse to keep sugar from getting low while on the run. Also, my job has me on my feet with no breaks! It's easy to grab one and enjoy it to keep going. Low in fat and calories but high in protein. Forget that mid day sugary candy bar. Grab on of these! A no-guilt snack!"
"I love chocolate with cinnamon in it, and artisan chocolates in general, so i had such high hopes for this product. It disappointed me. First off, it was grainy, in a too-much-sugar way, not a coarsely-ground-cacao-way. If you break off a piece, you can see the sugar crystals glinting in the chocolate. Second, it had almost no flavor. I couldn't taste the cinnamon at all, and the even chocolate itself was weak. It smells wonderful, but tastes like grainy nothing."
"Don't be fooled by the packaging labeling this product as ""pad thai""... this is nothing resembling pad thai. The sauce is an awful rendition of some generic Asian flavoring (think a sickly sweet-sour sauce). Nothing close to tasting like pad thai at all, and whatever it does taste like, it tastes horrible. Although the best by expiration date is several months in the future, the peanut topping was rancid. Even for the non-pickiest of eaters, this is quite unpalatable. Would recommend you absolutely avoid this product."
"My favorite flavored coffee is French Vanilla. I ordered this on a lark to try a new brand. The price was right and 12 oz packaging works for me as I brew in a Toddy's cold water system and use 12 ounces at a time. Imagine my surprise when I opened it and discovered it's not Vanilla but some kind of berry flavor with a chocolate aftertaste. It's not bad, but not what I ordered. Now, Amazon says I can't return it. Very dissappointing."
"I bought this thinking that real silk flowers would be intertwined through the bamboo. No where in the description does it say these flowers are fake. I might as well have gone somewhere else if I wanted a regular bamboo plant. Without the flowers it's too simple of a plant. There are only two stalks in mine, so I had to leave the tacky looking flowers in it. Don't bother buying this. It's not worth the money."
"By itself the Blue Lemonade is very sweet and a bit odd. However, I've found that this mixed with the regular Lemonade. The mix gives just the right amount of blue ""flavor"" without having it be too lemon-y. Definitely worth a try as I think it is one of the better Mio flavors still. If you are trying to wean yourself off a sweet tooth, this makes a pretty good substitute. Think along the lines of a blue Airhead candy."
"The Switch tries to blur the line between soda and juice, and I'd say that the experiment is successful. It's sweet and rich like soda, but it is, as the label says, 100% juice, and therefore of vastly more nutritional value. I guess it all comes down to taste, and it's more similar to soda than juice here, maybe like a more toned-down Sunkist soda. As I said, I liked it, and I'd probably pick it up again, though it hasn't displaced Squirt as my favorite."
"The nutritional info on this item is FALSE. When the product arrived, the panel on the back said that 2 tbsps per 1 cup of water (1 serving) has 18 carbs and only 1 gram of protein, NOT, 8 carbs and 6 grams of protein as the info here states. I will be returning this unhealthy product (soy milk at the grocery store has a way better carb to protein ratio). I never would have bought this product if the real nutritional info was posted here."
"My 10-month old loves these, but I found them at my local BJ's warehouse for a better price. A pack of 3 bags for $7.49. When we go out to run errands, I make a snack container for my little one, and mix a few things together for variety. Whenever fussiness ensues, I take out the container and let him choose what he wants. He always chooses the yogurt melts and gerber crunchers (look like baby cheese puffs)."
"I have purchased this tea for quite a while and it is the best tea out there for Jasmine Green Tea. The taste is not overwhelming and the finish is smooth and sweet. I have never had any snails or other ""non-leaf"" items in my tea! Besides, if it comes as a tea bag, how can the snails be in the bottom of your cup?? Shouldn't they be in your bag? I think you should wash your cups more often, or step away from the pipe!"
"I tried these candy bars today and I love them. Most ""crisp"" bars have some form of flour, which is bad for me. So I hesitantly tried one and at first, I thought the crisp part was like freeze-dried ice cream. After reading the ingredients, I realized it is a meringue. Even better for me!! So for anyone who can't tolerate flour but likes a crisp bite, these are fantastic. I highly recommend giving this a try."
"I'm usually a big fan of Starbucks' bagged coffees and of flavored coffees in general, but this one just has an odd taste and aftertaste to it. It doesn't even really taste like vanilla to me -- just like some kind of flavored hot beverage. I even tried brewing this with different strengths to see if that made any difference, but it doesn't seem to make any difference. I'd stay away from this one. It really just doesn't taste good."
"I have 2 cats and they are basically addicted to this stuff. The minute I so much as pick up the bag they come running from whereever they are. Even if you just say ""yellow bag"" the little ears perk up and they are ready to pounce. Don't have any idea what makes them so irresistable but they obviously are. I know other people who have had the same experience with their cats. Too bad chocolate doesn't have 2 calories per piece like this does."
"At first, I did not think this stuff was incredible, but someone told me to mix it with 6-8 oz of hot milk or 1/2 water, and 1/2 milk...it was sooooooo much better like that! I have been drinking the line of OG products now for 5 months, and I feel great...sleep better, on 1/2 the dose of prozac I've been on for 8 years, and just have more energy. The milk definitely helps all of the products taste richer...try it! 8^)"
"High fructose corn syrup costs a few cents less per gallon than real sugar, so that's the sweetener they use here. The good news is they offer ""Simply Heinz,"" which is made with real sugar. The taste is noticeably better and while the corn lobby wants you to believe otherwise, my bet is that the real sugar is healthier. For a condiment that lasts for months, do yourself a favor and spend the extra few cents to get the good stuff."
"This is a great way to get pills into your dog IF they are not vomiting..... The normal rule for medications is. if they vomit within 30 minutes of taking the pill then it needs to be readministered --- WELL -- here is the big warning here: These do not dissolve in the stomach for HOURS, and if your dog vomits even hours after taking these, you will find that they come out intact with the pills still in them..."
"I have to say I am glad I decided to purchase this cereal. Great for those who are really trying to watch what they eat and want a cereal that is nutritious and not loaded with sugar and all kinds of other junk. If you like those sweet empty calorie cereals then you will have to adjust your taste buds. This cereal tastes GREAT, and what really matters is that it is great for you. Way to go Kashi! Keep it up"
"I contacted Bob's Red Mill by telephone after noticing that the packaging no longer shows Gluten Free. I was told the buckwheat is sourced from one company, and that enough contamination has started occuring that Bob's Red Mill Creamy Buckwheat can NO LONGER be considered Gluten-Free. The non-GF status is also listed in capital letters on Bob's Red Mill website. Very disappointing to me because I had grown to really appreciate the taste of this cereal--even more so than oatmeal."
I have had Hatch green chilies that I have roasted myself and also the green chili sauce Hatch puts out under the Stokes label. The Stokes is definitely good. My on recipes with fresh roasted chilies are exceptional because of the freshness. The acidity in the canned chilies makes them taste like vinegar with no heat. Don't bother - buy fresh and roast your own. They freeze well. They come into season annually in middle August - absoulutely the only way to go.
"Every evening, about the same time, our two dogs know when it is time for their Greenie treat. They will both come and sit in front of us and patiently wait for us to get their treat. If we are busy and ignore them they will give a soft cry to get our attention. Each one only gets one a day, but other than walks, petting and their dinner, the Greenie is a highlight of their day."
"On the Amazon page where these items, the Corn Husks and Masa Harina, are shown it is stated that they are Kosher. When these items arrived they didn't have the Kosher symbol on the package. I contacted the Kosher agency that supervises this name brand, they informed me that for products from this company to be Kosher, they MUST have the Hechsher, the kosher symbol, of this agency. Because of this I was unable to use these products."
"I had tried this years ago and it was okay. It has improved somewhat, but not much. It is still lumpy when mixed. I used an electric hand mixer to blend this and it still came out lumpy. I used lukewarm water with the mixer and it was still lumpy. The flavor was also a little bland. I prefer pre-made rice milk. This will do in a pinch for baking or cooking, but I will not be using it for anything else. Blech."
I have been using this pancake and waffle mix for about 5 or 6 years and I have to say this is the best. The waffles come out crisp on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. I've tried other mixes but they do not compare to this mix. I use the Waring Pro Waffle Maker and my waffles come out beautiful everytime. I follow the directions on the canister and never have a problem with the results.
"The Newton Fruit Thins are part cracker, part cookie. They are not too sweet, have a natural taste, and a good texture. They are perfect for a wide variety of toppings and spreads to perk things up if you want. They are not just a new product for the sake of a new product. If you are looking for a a new snack or even a breakfast cracker, give these a try. The best cracker I've tasted in quite a while."
"Even though this is 95% chicken, it looks like cat food (ground up texture) and smells like stinky canned chicken. It's a very strong smell! My dogs go NUTS for this, though (1 Labrador and 2 Boston Terriers). I just add a couple spoonfuls as a topper to their dry food, so one can lasts awhile. I probably will try something less smelly next time but I like the quality of the ingredients and like the Wellness brand."
I received this item in a box with other that were packaged well. This item was just thrown into the bottom of the box without any bubble wrap or popcorn to keep it from moving around. All three tubs were upside down and had melted. So of course the butter had leaked all over the inside of the package and box. Totally unusable. This item should not be ordered if it has to travel a long distance!!
"I gave this coffee beans several months to improve; however, the beans arrived in the same condition. The beans were dry without a speck of oil. Usually freshly roasted beans are wet with oil. I understand the summer has been very hot and that could dry the beans out a little, but these beans have apparently been sitting in the warehouse a long time. The flavor suffered. I'm no longer receiving these beans. The fresher the roast, the better the coffee tastes."
"Something in this shampoo irritates my scalp and skin and I can't use it long enough to find out if the claims of stronger hair are true. I used it twice and both times after use my head started having a tingling/burning sensation, even after rinsing, and I didn't like it. There are a long list of ingredients and chemical-looking names that I'm not familiar with. I was disappointed because I like the easy-to-use bottle style."
"This product lasts for a long time when it is refrigerated; I find that the 50g or 10 tsp. that this would be, according to the package directions, is extremely hot even when mixed with the coconut milk and water. I use half coconut milk and half chicken broth for the sauce. If you can put in some wild lime leaves (kaffir lime leaves),cilantro and a dash of fish sauce, the curry will taste like your local Thai restaurant."
"Hidden Springs Vermont Maple Syrup is excellent! There isn't anything on the label that states that this is from anywhere else but Vermont...(some syrups that claim to be pure maple syrup also have labels that state that they may be a product of Canada or Vermont). The price per oz. is about 81 cents and as I use at least one ounce on my waffles, this bottle will last for about 16 servings. I will be buying this one again!"
"I love gummy things but these are the most disgusting ones I've ever tasted. Furthermore, they are expensive. I purchased 4 boxes without reading the details very closely. Each box has 10 packs of gummies (each pack having 5-10 gummies). The discounted price still comes out to 35 cents per pack. DISGUSTING, DISGUSTING, DISGUSTING! And so far, each friend who has tried them agree! Who would think an Angry Bird gummy could be so gross! :)"
"I'm not sure whose fault this is, but one of the canisters exploded in the mail and it was a huge mess inside the box. I had to spend a half an hour cleaning everything, which was a pain. I lost half of the chocolate powder in one of the cans. The chocolate itself is so good that I had to special order it. We don't have Coffee Beans where I live and I've missed the taste tremendously. There is nothing like it."
"I really liked this it was very good. I liked the fact that it wasn 't overly sweet like some other brands I have had in the past. I really,really enjoyed the chocolate bits. It's excellent with milk or mixed in with yogurt as well,or on its own plain. I would most definitly buy this again its tasty and one of those things thats too good but good for me so I don't mind having it as a treat now and then."
"I LOVE flavored coffee. I now drink it black with NO sugar. When I used to add sugar & half & half, this was fine, but since I've switched to black coffee, the ones I previously lOVED I've discovered, are not that great without the ""fixings""! IF you like it black, I would pass on this one. I wish Barnie's coffee would sell a K cup! I just LOVE their Southern Pecan! yummmmmmmmmmmm This si not bad, just not ""wonderful""!"
"My family loves this as a substitute to the bitter orange juice from concentrate or can. We drink it mixed like juice, or we add it to yogurt and fruit for an healthy smoothie snack. If you freeze the fruit you are adding, there is no need to add ice for a heavy consistency. 1 small vanilla yogurt w/1 capful of concentrate and 1cup of frozen mixed fruit makes the best quantity for my family. We may never go back to regular orange juice again."
"This fondant was very sticky and hard to roll out to cover the cakes. It tastes orange and tangy, almost bitter. I did not realize it was flavored when I ordered it but the I chose to do a dreamsicle cake and this fondant still tastes bad. I would not order this one again. I did purchase black fondant in the same brand and had no trouble rolling it out.....It was not a nasty flavor either, I would recommend this brand just not this exact product."
"I bought this as a Christmas gift for my brother who eats Tabasco sauce almost daily. I guess I didn't notice the bottle sizes when I purchased this set, but when it came in, I was blown away. They're full sized bottles, so it really is an awesome value. Plus, it's all packaged together very nicely, so it's not like you're just handing over a bunch of Tabasco Sauce bottles. I'm really happy with this purchase, as was my brother."
"Tim Tams are fantastic, but this deal isn't honestly represented on this page. The product information says ""Item Package Quantity: 11"" -- turns out this means there are 11 Tim Tams in each box. I thought it meant there were 11 boxes of Tim Tams. In fact, my shipment included 6 -- making the total cost for each box significantly higher than I had expected. I called the seller and they refused to send me more."
"I have tried many microwavable noodle dishes. This one is superior. Annie Chun makes a great product. If you are going to do microwavable food for lunch, then you should be eating her products. The noodle bowl contains a seasoning mix that's liquid instead of powder, to give better flavor and a superior product. Also, the bowl is made of compostable materials so you don't have to feel guilty about throwing it in the trash on the go."
"Gevalia Kaffe is one of my favorite coffee companies. I adore the light, slightly sweet taste of this French Vanilla coffee above all others. Most of the coffee you find at the grocery store starts out palatable and then ends on a bitter note. It ruins the whole cup of joe. This isn't the case with any of Gevalia's coffee's that I've had to date. I'm so glad we could find it here on Amazon! I highly recommend this coffee."
"I really relied heavily on reviews on this one. Unfortunately after receiving the bars I was sorely disappointed. I like the RAWness of these bars but they don't taste like coconut, they don't taste like pecan pie. They taste like a slightly tart pecan date nut log. I LOVE pecans and dates but I like my dates sweet. These aren't. Too bad for me but hopefully I can help the next guy out. Great deal though for those of you that like these bars."
"I ordered these, thinking (hoping) that they would taste similar to the same item manufactured by ""Nissan"". They arrived timely and packaged well without any complaints, however the taste is nothing at all compared to the quality of the Nissan brand of teriyaki noodles. I loved the four cheese flavor in this brand, but the teriyaki beef is really awful (in my opinion). I would definitely opt for Nissan brand in this flavor next time. Not even my teenage son likes them in this brand."
"I really appreciate Thai Pavilion's quality. especially when it comes to their sauces. their sauces are just not a watery paste they have real vegetables in them. open up any other thai product and just look at the sauces, I think you'll see literally that Thai Pavilion is much higher quality. taste them smell them. I think you agree with me Thai Pavilion is head and shoulders above the competition. I found this to be true with all their flavors."
"As a guy, I don't need these as a ""sensible snack"" but rather a snack to tide me over until lunch or as an addition to my morning yogurt for breakfast. Calorie-wise they are comparable to other granola type bars. The flavor is good with a nice, not fake, chocolate flavor and the crispies are...well, crispy. There are no nasty aftertastes, either. While I prefer Nature Valley Crunchy Granola Bars, these are a nice occasional alternative."
"I really like the flavor of these so I think I am a bit biased in favor of them. They are a bit expensive, but for a product that has added antioxidants, and is gluten free, i then that's about right to cover the cost. At least this sight offers a great discount. This bar is the perfect snack for late afternoon or whenever you feel lethargic or hungry, especially when you know you are eating something good for your body."
"This quantity is the same as a 10-pound bag of sugar. The equivalent 5-pound bags sells for about 8 bucks locally, so this is a pretty good deal. It took me about 1 year to go through this amount. I am using it for baking & cooking. I'll usually go half sugar & half splenda, but I've also tilted the ratio to the splenda side with good results. But my favorite use for Splenda is is good old-fashioned lemonade in the summer. Yummmmmmm."
"I'd received a sample of Stash's English Breakfast Decaf with a previous order from Stash's website, and I knew it was good (for decaf tea, which is always missing something -- I think it's the caffeine.) The price on this multipack was so good, that I could give a couple boxes away (which I did, cause I can't go through that much decaf tea in a year) and still save money over buying it in the supermarket."
"I read all the reviews on every hot chocolate k-cup on the market and decided to try this one first. Its not good. Even on the smallest cup setting it tastes watered down and there is a distinct ""plasticy"" taste. I think that this an inherent problem with all the k-cup hot chocolates. You just can't fit enough chocolate in the cup so that it doesn't taste watered down. I'm going to stick with making hot chocolate the old way."
I used this item after i received it soaked the beans overnight then made it with tomatoes and vegetables and telapia fish it was great very flavorful of course you have to add your own favorite seasonings but you have many different soups or stews with this and it makes a lot the other three bags i placed in the freezer i will be making a chicken stew next my family loved it there are a lot of beans though but we all liked it.
"I am dissapointed!! When I bought this product I thought I was buying the real Acai Tea. But when I read ingredients it occured that Acai is the only one of the ingredients from a lot of others. So I blamed myself because I had to read those ingredients before I bought this Tea. I was fooled because the tea is named as ""Acai Tea"" so I thought it really was Acai. I reccomend everybody to read ingredients carefully before buying the product."
"This is the BEST OAT Bran cereal. But one star because it is over-priced! Should be less than $3.00 a box, if purchased from your local grocery store, such as Harris Teeter or Publix. Or order directly from Hodgson Mill website for a case with 6 boxes for a total of $11.50, though shipping costs are high. Or order from iherb website at $2.07 a box, lower shipping charges. Still this is the best Oat Bran cereal in the market."
"nasty, disgusting and gross. wasnt worth my package of beef for this one. i usually love hamburger helper and was very surprised how awful this was. the cheese topping you mix and add to the top did me in. horrible taste and the entire thing was very salty...not sure if it was from the cheese or adding my own seasonings. i scraped off what i could of the cheese and made eggs the next morning with the leftover hashbrowns, which wasnt bad but very salty."
"I have been using this seasoning for 6 years now and it is my ""go to"" seasoning. Like the other reviewer said it complements all meats and fish, it also excellent for cooked greens. But my favorite is to use it for making homemade salad dressing instead of buying over priced salad seasoning packs or premade dressings. I too appreciate that it has no MSG and it has no artificial ingredients! Thanks for keeping it real Konriko:)"
"I bought the Annies Homegrown Microwaveable Mac-n-cheese. Actually my wife bought it because it is so-called ""healthy"". It was hands down the worst macncheese I have ever tasted, and after trying it, I would be loathe to try any more Annies products. It had a nasty plastic-like aftertaste, I had to rinse my mouth out. I am throwing away the remaining 4 packets because I would not feed the crap to my cat! This is a definite DON'T BUY IT!"
"I love the taste of this salt. It works in all my recipes and is wonderful on raw veggies like cucumbers and tomatoes. I was very happy to learn that it was also healthy for me. It is in large chunks however, so you have to grind it if you are using it in baking. I used a mortar and pestle and it worked easily. I think it's cool that 2% of the profit of this salt goes to the Dolphin Project."
"I liked this more than the <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004JRKEH4"">Taco Bell Chipotle Sauce</a>, but that isn't saying much. The sauce is basically ranch dressing mixed with some spices, but isn't all that spicy. Again like the Chipotle sauce, the Spicy Ranchero sauce has a two tablespoon serving that clocks in at 110 calories. For as fatty as these are, you'd think they'd taste better. I'd like to see Taco Bell cut some of the oils out and tweak the spiciness before trying this line again."
"I usually hate diet drinks. I have tried many, including several diet lemonade drinks. The diet Minute Made is OK, but still isn't quite right. But after being satisfied with Crystal Light's Appletini, I finally gave in and tried the lemonade. Not bad at all. I guess that other diet lemonade drinks might overload themselves with the fake sugar. This stuff has a medium-strength real lemon taste and just enough sweetener to balance out the lemon without giving it the classic nasty fake sugar aftertaste."
"I was disappointed by the taste of this coffee. The first hint came when I opened the package and didn't get the usual great aroma that I would expect from good coffee. Then I brewed my first batch, and it was a big let-down. This is the kind of coffee that people, unfortunately, think of when they think of decaf: weak and lacking in flavor. I know it's hard to find good quality water-process decaf coffees, but Caribou, for example, is a much better choice."
"I had tried the cappuccino version of this brand, and it was not delicious. This product is more just coffee and sugar with fewer chemical additives. It was strong and dark out of the can, and after two minutes in the microwave along with some milk, it was quite drinkable. I'm not a super fan of cold coffee, so I can't comment on how well it would work as that. It did have a European coffee flair."
"I roasted a cup of these for a medium and then dark roast to test the quality. Both were horrible. These beans may have been ""green"", i.e., not roasted, but they are not fresh. The whole point of purchasing green and roasting your own is to achieve real freshness in coffee. I will never purchase coffee again on Amazon. When I attempted to return (which was most of the product minus 2 cups) I was told that was not possible."
"First of all, this is a great price as I have purchased it elsewhere and paid alot more...Secondly, if you are sitting on the fence on whether to try it... JUST DO IT! You will NOT regret it... just need a blender, milk and ice cubes... a fancy glass... and whipped cream to top it off. It is delicious! We had this in the dead of winter and couldn't wait for the next one! Can't wait to try it in the heat of the summer! ENJOY!"
"I think this is pretty good pop. I wouldn't try to compare a mix with plain water to a well-prepared fresh pink lemonade, but this stuff is OK. Unfortunately, if you dilute it too much it gets bitter and acidic. The excess water causes extra ionization of the citric acid and lowers the Ph considerably. Make it with, at most, 48oz of spring water per package and you'll love it. Except if you want homemade lemonade..."
I thought I would try this stuff for my finicky dog who needs moist food along with his kibble. He was not a big fan of it and it was the most expensive moist food at Petsmart. The other problem is this stuff hardens up like concrete in his bowl. If he wouldn't eat the food in about two hours the stuff turned as hard as a sidewalk and I had to literally scrape it out of his bowl.
"I love this cereal. I started buying it online with Supersaving shipping late last year for $14.00 Supersaver with free shipping. My last order without any notice, cost went up to $22.00 with Supersaver. That is an unacceptable price increase. It is no longer cost effective to buy online for over $5.00 a box. Previously, I purchased at Walmart for approx $2.50. I will not buy this again from Amazon until price goes back to what it was."
"I am normally a dark coffee fan but on occasion I have a hankering for a flavored cup of coffee. I keep trying new ones that sound really good, but I am almost always disappointed, and realize that I'm not really a fan of flavored coffee. There are two flavored coffees I keep coming back to however and this is one (the other Sugar Bush Maple). Great vanilla flavor and aroma and still tastes like coffee. This is always on my reorder list."
"The first thing I noticed is that it smells JUST like the canned cat food I give my cat. This was a big turn-off, but I have had good experiences with wheat gluten in the past, so I gave it a shot. The flavor is nice, and has a decent aftertaste. The texture is OK, but not what I would expect from a ""jerky"".. I would have preferred something much chewier. I did eat them, but it's not something I will purchase again."
"I gave this 2 stars not because they're poor quality but because they are being sold for an insanely high price. I know that this is for 12 bags but that still leaves each one at a price above $6. I have seen and purchased the same assortment and size of milk, white and dark truffles of this same brand at grocery stores for $2 less per bag. Which doesn't seem like much but in the end would save $32 as compared to buying from here."
"It is a mixture of chicken, sweet potato and pasta. But you can't really see the chicken, and I guess it has been pureed really fine. My daughter loves it and can finish the whole pack under 5 minutes. I like it becuase it has a good combination of protein, fiber and carbs. Plus it is organic! This is the second case I bought, and will continue buying. And the shipping was fast and packing is very good."
"This product was recommended to us by the pediatrician. My daughter doesn't like to eat and so we have to supplement her milk to give her more protein and calories. We dilute it more now that she's older. For every packet of powder, we mix it with 20 ounces of milk so it's not overly sweet. I've heard that pediasure is a lot sweeter. I also use the carnation packets to make smoothies and they taste so much better with the packets. Highly recommend."
"I'm diabetic and manage my weight and blood sugar levels medicine free with a low carb diet. They don't sell these anywhere I've seen locally but in the ""south"" I would think they would be a hit! They're a good product and blow away any already prepared pork rinds and if you're on a low carb diet it's really hard to find a crunchy snack and these fit the bill! They are flavorful and tender yet crisp. Thumbs up."
"I normally think Amazon is a great way to purchase some of the high end products I like for a reduced price but these Cabo Chips, which I really love, were not fresh. I had already given several of them to my son who is a college student so I could not return them. The sell by date wasn't until Nov. 2010 but they were semi stale, edible, but not fresh or as good as when bought in the store."
"I recently purchased the Caribou k-cups and this coffee came along with it. While I don't like it as well as the Caribou, it's not a bad tasting coffee. It's a very smooth coffee with no bitter aftertaste. And surprisingly I cannot tell that it only has half the caffeine. I usually get a headache if I don't get enough caffeine in the morning. I got no headache or any other side-effects from caffeine withdrawal. I will probably purchase this in the future."
"I love coconut. I love coffee. SO, this coffee should have been a match made in heaven. It smelled absolutely sinful while it brewed. But, it smelled way better than it tasted. I guess i should have somehow noticed it was a light roast, instead of my customary medium roast. The smell of coconut was stronger than the flavor. I will finish them, but i am not likely to order them again. I think it could be improved with Almond Joy creamer though."
"I wanted to give homemade vanilla extract as gifts and was extremely satisfied with these beans. They made very high quality extract and were much cheaper than at local grocery or organic food stores. I was mildly concerned by the size; I only needed 24 beans, and ended up with closer to 50. However, my brother has used the remainder to make delicious vanilla ice cream, creme brulee, tiramisu, custard, vanilla sugar, french toast, etc. I have recommended them to friends and family."
i love them. not too sweet but just right. any allergy free food is great in my book. hope non of these ingredients contains Corn...thats a no no for me too. HOWEVER I DONT APPRECIATE THE FACT THAT I OPENED MY NEW BOX AND THE CUT 1/4 OF IT OFF. IF THE SIZE IT LESS THEN SO SHOULD THE CHARGE. THIS WILL EFFECT MY DECISION IN BUYING AGAIN. I AM NOT A TODDLER I NEED A REAL SIZE BAR PLEASE
"The product description says, ""assertive, dark, smoky fragrance and flavor"" and they ain't kiddin'!!! It barely tastes like tea at all... more like they took a cloth, let it hang in campfire smoke for a week, soaked it in hot water and wrung it out into my mug. Seriously! I've tried taking half of a pinch of this and adding to other tea leaves when I brew a pot. That turns out pretty good. But straight? You'd better like wood smoke!"
"I was disappointed that eight packages of oatmeal were removed from their original sealed box and shipped loose. I chose to pay more on Amazon as opposed to EBAY which was dramatically cheaper, because EBAY sellers specified that they removed the oatmeal packages from their original sealed box for shipping purposes. (makes the package lighter, smaller and cheaper to mail). When it comes to purchasing food thru the mail, I prefer it in it's original sealed box. Quality has been fine, though."
"STOP USING THIS PRICEY JUNK NOW!! search ""chicken jerky treats china"" on google for more info and SPREAD THE WORD (some media coverage but way too little...) I am ""fortunate""... my dog only suffered small amount of kidney damage-- others are not so lucky. Remember the Chinese pet food scandal of 2007 that killed 1000's of our four legged friends...TELL AMAZON NOT TO SELL CHINESE CHICKEN JERKY. I read that Dogswell was going to stop manufacturing in China tho dont know current status."
"This tahini is just wrong and taste awful, I bought this twice (first time tahinis buyer) and my hummus kept turning out weird tasting and just not right, like a chemical-ish taste and smell. I ended up trying a different brand of tahini and WOW, delicious results. This tahini is like the Spam of ham, the imitation crab of crab meat, it just doesn't taste right no matter how much you stir it or try to spice it up."
"If you have never tried San Francisco Bay Coffee French Roast, Your in for a treat. This is a relatively inexpensive coffee, but has all the traits of expensive Gourmet brands. Very Rich and full bodied, without the bitterness you normally expect find from a French Roast. A full flavored experience. San Fransisco Bay Coffee comes in their unique style K cup comparable one cup pack's servers. A must try brand for any real coffee connoisseur."
"This is a brand of orange pekoe black tea that is drunk all over the world. Lipton sells it in many countries, and while the product might have the same smooth, almost inoffensive base note, to me the UK version tastes very different than the Indian version, which is perceptable stronger and has a more ""citrusy"" note. While it doesn't hold up to some premium orange pekoe teas, it is distinctly better than the Lipton tea available in US supermarkets."
"I normally love Larabars. I have tried a few favors and have loved them all but there is something really off about the Jocalat bar. They were dried out and when you tried to take a bit out of the bar it crumbed. The box said they were good until Jan 2012 but they tasted old, dried out, just plan gross. I am not sure if this a bad box or if larabar company needs to redo their bar flavor.Bad product!!!"
"I've had a goldendoodle puppy for about two months (the dog is 4 months old). The first 6 weeks after I used this product I had no problems. The past two weeks, hoewever have been tough. After ruling out a possible infection, I determined that the this product was causing diarrhea to my dog. When reading the nutirent information, this kibble is very rich in protein and fat. I think my dog is stating to change and the food is no longer agreeing with him."
"I bought these because they are dye-free (allergy). I had purchased some previously in a local natural foods market, so I knew what to expect. They are soft and fruity and have a sugary coating. They are flavorful and have a consistency more like jelly candy than original Gummi Bears. If you want something really chewy, this is not it. However, if you just want something natural/organic that can substitute for Gummi Bears, I think this brand is pretty good."
The reason why I bought this is because I've tried the Cheddar and Asiago flavor. I loved it. This one doesn't taste as cheesy and really don't taste any sesame at all. I'm sticking with my Cheddar and Asiago. Oh 1 tip... Costco starts carrying it. I bought a big bag and the bags are resealable. Better deal. So you can consider buying at your Costco (even various locations carry different merchandise so they may or may not carry it at the one you visit)
"I was looking for some jasmine extract to make some thai desserts with. When I opened this bottle of jasmine extract, it sort of smelled like jasmine, but also had some other weird (not so great) smell to it. I tried using it once, and dumped the rest down the drain. It also came in a plastic bottle, which I found curious, as I was expecting glass. I have since found much better jasmine extract elsewhere online."
"This is my first purchase of Dr. McDougall's products and I ordered 6-packs of several different kinds. So far, I really like the Vegan Curry Pilaf and the Vegan Black Bean with Lime Soup. There are times when homemade (although delicious) is just not convenient when you want something that is quick, good, and filling for those times when you are in a hurry! Two-day delivery can't be beat and they were packaged with great care and were in perfect condition."
"I just bought a case of these at Costco. The Crackers & Cheese are good, but every single package of the Crackers and cheese, had a 1/3 of the cheese Missing, what a rip off... I w. It's like it was not filled completely to save cheese. If I pay for something I expect the product to be full, not 1/3 AIR... I will never buy this product again...I can understand if it was just 1, but it was all of them."
"Coke and Pepsi used to be made with cane sugar, like this stuff. And as soon as I tasted it, it reminded me of what cola tasted like back then. A pizza shop gives me a free coca-cola with my lunch, and when I took it home and tasted it, it had no cola taste, and that fructose overload. Popped open a can of this blue-sky organic cola, and the difference was major. Sweet, but delicious sweet."
"This is not a Goji berry review, this is a branded product review. I found berries with dark spots which seemed like fungus. This happened with 2 separate bags with different batch numbers. I should have written down batch / lot numbers before throwing them. Note: I live in Ohio and product was ordered in cooler months. Storage was in refrigerator so I doubt that it was a storage issue from my end after opening the sealed pack. Will never buy this product."
"Using 8 oz water as the directions state made the cocoa much too weak. It was like hot water with a few drops of chocolate syrup. Using 6 oz made the cocoa much too sweet, and still too weak in the chocolate department. It uses sucralose as a sweetener, which gives it a very intensely sweet flavor. This may not be a problem for those who like very sweet things or don't mind the taste of sucralose. Unfortunately, I'm not one of those people."
"First of all, it is wonderful to have these pods delivered to my door free of charge. On auto delivery, they are cheaper than the cheapest Senseo pods that I have found (Target/Walmart). But check out the weight of coffee per Senseo pod vs. this particular Baronet coffee pod. Not all Baronet pods are this weight, however, so check out the products carefully. I guess I had better mention that the coffee flavor is great! One order is for three boxes of these pods."
"I absolutely LOVED EB food...as did my baby. That is, until I read that EB uses BPA in the sealing of their lids!!!! How in the world does a company who cares about organic, gluten free, kosher, and products free of being genetically modified think that it is okay to use BPA?!!? I called EB to verify this information and the lady admitted it. (But they are ""looking into an alternative packaging"". That can't happen fast enough!!!!)"
"The box it came in was roomy enough, that was not the problem. But something caused a hole in the couscous bag, and couscous was all over the box and other items,the couscous bag should have had a double wrapping to prevent this problem from happening. I have purchased this product before, and I love it. But I think Osem should make more of an effort to keep foods sanitary. This is the reason I gave it only two stars."
"I was very excited about ordering these because I thought they'd be a healthy snack/dessert/breakfast alternative but unfortunately, they taste awful. They taste like they're stale and they are very chewy (not in a good way). My teeth feel sore from trying to bite pieces off and chew -- note, I am NOT an old person w/fake teeth or lots of teeth issues, just a normal person w/all my own teeth. I don't recommend this product."
"I love these, but at little over $.83 a bar, it is not a good deal. You can get a box of 30 at Sam's club for less than than 9 dollars. At the price I paid, which was $8.47 it comes in at about $.28 per bar. Just letting you know that there are better deals out there. Not to mention it comes in one box, and you don't have to deal with 12 six pack sized boxes."
"I ordered the Lindt Lindor MILK chocolate package for my wedding for 2 reasons: First, I love milk chocolate, Second, the wrapper matched my wedding decor. I wasn't shipped MILK chocolate, I was shipped Rasberry Chocolate...in a Pink wrapper. Didn't have time to re-order for my wedding and thus couldn't give away my wedding favors to my guests. Little detail to some, very sad detail to a bride. How hard is your job? Read Milk chocolate, SHIP milk chocolate. Thanks a lot guys."
Some issues with the product -- some of the pods are not sealed properly so the grounds spill out (either before use or after use into your coffee); it is wasteful that each pod is individually sealed -- would rather they be packaged like the Senseo pods; the pods don't really fit my Senseo coffee maker -- too fat for the single and too small for the double which causes problems sometimes when I brew a cup. On the plus side -- price.
"I bought these for putting in my ice tea and I did and they didn't dissolve. I waited and waited and they didn't dissolve. So next I thought I would put them in a small bowl and put hot tap water in to melt them, I did and it took around 4 minutes to dissolve completely. That's just to long for me. If you're not using them in piping hot coffee I would suggest getting Stevia in either liquid or granulated. This I would pass on."
"I got this a few years ago during a trip to Albania. Albanians refer to it as the ""gypsy curse"". Some people are grossed out by the spots but I think they are glorious. Women go crazy when I bring it out at parties. They love the spongy texture. I'm glad to see that this comes in a pack of 6. I was getting tired of telling people to keep their hands of my spotted dick. Now everyone can enjoy their own."
"We use these bags to store food scraps in our freezer until trash day. They keep up well without tears or holes or 'melting' as I have heard some compostable bags do. This might not apply to most other users, but for us, the only thing they are missing is a way to secure the bags - at the moment we waste a bit of space having to use the upper end of the bag to tie itself up."
"These are certainly interesting candies, and a pleasant alternative to much of the less ""natural"" that's on the market. The pomegranate taste is unusual, almost a slight bitter-sweet combination that stays around after the candy has gone...although I should add that the liquorice has a tendency to get into your teeth in ways that you almost wish it couldn't. It's very chewy and sticky so be warned. Not the cheapest ""candy"" on the market, but certainly an enjoyable occasional treat."
"If you are looking for STRONG S/V flavor these definitely aren't for you. Very mild in comparison to many others. I live in TX and I can tell you I've tried ALL S/V chips I can get ahold of. The best of the best are HEB (storebrand) and World Market. Bob's and Zapp's Aren't bad. From a chip standpoint they have typically great kettle crunch, but if you're looking for S/V flavor these have ""just a touch."""
"We love Clif kid Z bars. I decided to try these based on all of the great reviews. We bought the strawberry and no one in the house likes them. My kids are picky, so I always try the treats just to see if they are even worth trying. I eat healthy and don't mind most healthy snacks, but even I did not care for these. I am going to try another flavor, but the strawberry just didn't cut it here!"
"These are great chips! I also like the red chips. UNFORTUNATELY, Amazon ships these out in the vendor boxes which are very flimsy. All of the chips end up broken. It's so funny -- everything else Amazon sends out is in rugged Amazon boxes -- sometimes the item inside is in the vendor box so you get double protection. The items that should be double boxed (chips) don't get any protection at all and they are the most fragile."
"My body really doesn't react well to chocolate, so I was excited when I heard about this from The Raw Food World. I've used it in cookies, coconut milk ice cream, and tea. It isn't powerful enough in larger recipes (like ice cream and cookies) even if I use entire droppersful so I've had to put in chocolate stevia and carob as well. I do like it in peppermint tea along with chocolate stevia, very yummy."
"There is nothing as delicious as the use of fresh herbs, this is no exception, When I opened the bag the aroma was so sumptuous it's, the difference like Having a shaker of pepper or fresh ground pepper which would you choose ? I know what I want, there are also nutmeg grinders out there so it's easy to Use or buy a little grater so you can put it straight over your dish. I hope this review was helpfull, Bon appetite."
"I don't like the taste, which perhaps can be expected -- I'm not a big coffee drinker. However, my daughter, who likes coffee, didn't like it either and says she'd rather go without than drink it again. My expectations were for a very chocolate/raspberry flavored coffee drink. What I got was a harsh coffee taste with a slight aroma of raspberry and maybe a hint of chocolate. I didn't taste the raspberry or chocolate at all."
"If you are looking for STRONG S/V flavor these definitely aren't for you. Very mild in comparison to many others. I live in TX and I can tell you I've tried ALL S/V chips I can get ahold of. The best of the best are HEB (storebrand) and World Market. Bob's and Zapp's Aren't bad. From a chip standpoint they have typically great kettle crunch, but if you're looking for S/V flavor these have ""just a touch."""
"The two Carl lemon seasonings ARE DIFFERENT. Lemon Seasoning and Meat Rub AND Lemon Garlic Seasoning and Meat Rub both have the exact same ingredients listed and in the same order, but THEY ARE DIFFERENT. The taste is different and the size and crunch of the spices are different. I can't say which is better. It will take time. Actually I just bought Pappy's Lemon Pepper which has four types of peppercorn and lemon zest. I will update later."
"I was disappointed with the taste of these chips (regular and barbecue). I can't really taste the potato, so it is almost like eating a badly-flavored foam chip. It tastes like it is stale even though it is fresh, and it also has an odd chemical-like taste. The similar baked lays and pringles chips are very tasty. My kids finally ate the rest of these chips, but only after all of the other chips were gone."
"Why why why ruin this product with ""evaporated cane juice"" and palm oil -- among the most unhealthy oils -- pure saturated fat! Almond butter, due to its monounsaturated fats and ldl cholesterol, can and should be a very nutritious substitute for peanut butter and even butter. That's why people buy it (aside from its amazing flavor)! What are these people thinking? So disappointing (and gross). I don't know if I can give this stuff away."
"I like to munch a few nuts as a snack (in moderation, a lot better for one than eating potato chips). This is a nice taste treat. There is a smoky taste to the almonds, which is to the good. On the down side, there is probably too much salt here (unfortunately), since salt produces health problems for people. So, I wouldn't want to eat these tasty treats every day, but as a snack from time to time, these almonds really hit the spot."
"Eaten alone these flavored almonds are a bit overpowering (pretty tart, but I love 'em). However, if you put them in a large container with other flavored nuts, such as jalepeno smoke, along with raw almonds, cashews, walnuts whatever, the spices are spread among all the other nuts. A great snack. It was also cheaper and easier to get them through Amazon than to run all over town trying to find a store that carries the flavors I want."
"I bought this at Trader Joes and it was pretty hard. Maybe it was just old, as others have said. It was so hard and chewy that it hurt my jaw. The taste was ok, not as chocolatey as I had hoped. The caramel was good but pretty sticky, and it got on my fingers. The nuts and things on the outside were pretty good, but kept falling off and onto the floor. I guess I'll try for a less messy kashi bar next time."
"I'm addicted to bubble tea so when the local restaurant where I would always stop and pick up one went out of business, I was left with some cravings for my favorite drink. I was surprised how easy it was to make these - though these cook relatively fast, I would say let them boil for at least 7-10 minutes opposed to the directions which say 5. Overall, though, very happy with my purchase and will be ordering again soon."
"let me start by saying, i'm not a huge hot chocolate fan. But i was surprised to see so many negative reviews for this product--so that is part of why i wanted to try it. i think it's the perfect blend for a mocha.. here was my recipe (note that it's for 2 people) one latte milk pod: split it between two glasses, one hot chocolate syrup: split it between the two glasses, 1 espresso pod per glass. and voila, a great mocha!"
"Item says in stock and will ship in two days! Then after two days you get an email that says ""Sorry for the inconveinence but your item is out of stock and will be 10 days later"" (or MORE!) I wish AMAZON would just go back to doing it themselves instead of letting any dork with a website sell stuff. This is BS! This is probably the last time I will do business with AMAZON or ANY of it's so called merchants."
"I have been drinking Zico coconut water for sometime. One day I saw Zico Chocolate Coconut water. So gave it a try. well, to me it was chocolate drink but my expectation of a coconut water was not there. I threw rest of the bottle and kept my distance from this drink. Agreed that Zico coconut water is not the best coconut water but it is close enough to enjoy without any other ingredient in it and definitely not chocolate."
"I have been using Colavita for years. It is one of the finest all around X-Virgin olive oils on the market. Its extremely fruity and works very well in salads and pasta dishes. I have been struggling with olive oils since I can not find it in the stores where I now live. Now I get it shipped to my door, with free freight, and at a lower price than I used to pay in the grocery store."
"My cat isn't a picky eater, but she had no interest in eating Pill Pockets. I was hopeful about these things, but my cat didn't even recognize that they were supposed to be eaten. Rolled it around, poked at it, sniffed it, and moved on. I can't imagine they are very fragrant or flavorful to get that kind of reaction since she eats everything else she sees. Glad to see others had success, but we weren't impressed."
"I ordered this pet food specifically because it said it is 'light'. My dog is overweight and I ordered this to help reduce her weight. Nowhere on the bag I received does it ever say 'light'. I had read the same problem on several other reviews and thought maybe it was just a run of mistakes that were now corrected. Not! Still no light - stay far, far away from this if you want 'light' food for your dog."
"In the past I have purchased these cookie bars through Amazon and have had good business. However, Amazon has not kept up with the ingredients changing in these cookie bars. It is very important to me what ingredients are in the foods I purchase. I am not happy with Amazon's business this time. Ingredients change often! Amazon needs to keep up to date with the ingredients if they are going to have them listed on their website."
"FYI to anyone who loves their cat(s) and is feeding them this premium cat food thinking it is... Well it was just (very quietly) bought out by P&G. Either that means something to you or it doesn't. For me it was a deal breaker. Our cat loved this food, but I won't feed him a product owned by that company. They *say* they will keep it all the same, but you never know. We switched to Orijen."
"What I really like about this treat is that it is something you hold while your dog licks it--rather than him taking his chewy someplace and getting busy with it, he ends up looking at me, holding my gaze for as long as I'll let him keep lickin' that rollerball. Awesome for my friend's dog who's old and can't chew. (This is the liver flavor--which smells awesome. The bacon did not ship, but my pup doesn't mind.)"
"I looked at the ingredients and it's a bunch of chemicals and dyes that I don't know whether they are safe or not (A Google search listed several of them as harmful, irritating or toxic)...and I won't continue using it. It also burns your eyes if you happen to get any in while rinsing. Here are just some of the ingredients: cyclopentasiloxane, stearamidopropyl dimethylamine, methylisothiazolinone, methylchloroisothiazolinone and the list goes on of all these chemical sounding ingredients."
"I have a gluten intolerance and have recently started a gluten free diet. I decided to try this all purpose mix to see if I could sub 1:1 for regular all purpose flour. My cookies came out great, but the aftertaste of the bean flour in Bob's mix is awful. I'm going to try mixing up my own blend of flours. I don't think I'll buy this again (and I'll stay away from all bean flours from now on!!)"
Using Zuke's mini snack for my 6 1/2 month Siberian Husky has been fantastic. Before starting her on Obedience classes I was required to find something she really went for. I guess it was the trainer's way of making her training easier for her. This natural product has been amazing! It's chewy and savory and just right for my picky dog/pup. Except my pup prefers the beef flavor but thankfully she is now becoming a well-behaved dog.
"Since starting this powder about 6 weeks ago, I haven't noticed any effect on my sleep, but the number of times I have been woken up by leg cramps (a.k.a. charley horses) has diminished considerably. (I'm pregnant, so both sleep disturbances and leg cramps are common.) As to the taste, the powder mixed with water is not unpleasant and doesn't have much of a taste. I prefer to mix it with water, lemon juice, and pomegranate juice -- it's delicious!"
"Because of the bulk price and the main image on amazon, I thought the packages would be larger, like a bag of Jerky. Turns out that the image you see is not the packaging that you get, the bags are shorter and smaller (see my customer image). At over $4 a bag ($25/6), I'd be better off buying freeze-dried fruit at the local nutrition shop. Plus the fruit pieces are fairly small; good for kids but I like bigger chunks."
"I found this tea very bland when brewed normally (1 tsp per 8oz boiling water for 5 mins). When I tried adding more tea, the flavor was distinctly ""barn-like"". Sort of like moldy hay. I am very disappointed in this tea overall and will not order it again. It is a shame because the price was nice! But you get what you pay for I suppose, and I will stick to ordering higher-quality teas from other vendors."
"Great Bar. Tastes like banana bread with only 3 ingredients. I've tried cashew cookie, and cherry pie, and even though they taste good, they don't need to match the taste of something as distinctive as banana bread. This bar amazingly tastes like banana bread without bread! My boyfriend doesn't like dry bars, and this one is nice an moist. I took it snowboarding as a small snack and it doesn't get frozen solid. I plan on buying this flavor often."
"Open the packet and you see the tea is dark green then the aroma of alfalfa wafts by and you know this isn't even close to being good Matcha. It is everything even class 2 Matcha isn't. It's not lovely to look at, not lovely to smell and it's quite bitter. I will never drink mine. I may give it away. Spring for a good Japanese Powdered green tea, and you'll be much happier. Don't waste your money."
"I love salmon spread. I buy it here in MA, but thought it would be better from Alaska. I ordered this item because I just returned from Alaska and had the best salmon and salmon spread there. I ordered this item hoping that it would be fantastic because Alaska is known for its salmon. I was VERY disappointed. It tasted and smelled like cat food! I did write to the company, but have yet to receive a response."
"I ordered this tea from Amazon, got a 6 pack (total 120 tea bags) without trying it before. I am glad the tea smells and tastes very good. I was never into mint tea or chamomile tea, but the mix of these two in this tea does not have too strong flavor of either one. Highly recommend it. The only thing is one tea bag is good for about 1 big cup (650 ml) of tea, not very strong when making a second cup."
"Oh, I really wanted to like this chocolate milk. I love white chocolate and I could not resist the idea of having this K-cup as a special treat from time to time. Unfortunately, it is nothing like a chocolate milk. The colour is pale white and the taste is like pure sugar. If you like the really, really sweet stuff this is for you. But it is definitely not a chocolate milk. I prefer the Swiss Miss K-cups, although they do not come in white chocolate..."
"I really love Earths Best, and have used only EB to feed my little one. This cereal is great, except I would switch back to plain flavor after this box is done. The banana flavor had a weird smell to it when mixed with the formula (similac alimentum), and also if you're giving it in every bottle, then it can constipate your baby. So as for EB regular cereal we LOVE it, but the banana flavor not so much."
"I am not a regular reviewer, but this product was so awful that I would be remiss if I didn't warn others. The taste is what I suspect compressed sawdust would taste like if it has a sticky chocolate coating. Even my dog - who will usually eat anything won't touch these. If you don't trust me and want to try them anyway, I suggest you order one box only. I ordered four. Guess where they are going?"
"I started drinking this tea during a weight loss contest at work. I ran out of it and did notice that the pounds didn't seem to come off as easily as they had while drinking it. I ordered more and the pounds started coming off again. Of course, I lowered my daily calories and did some light walking so I know it wasn't the tea ""alone"" but I have continued to drink the tea after the contest and have maintained my weight loss."
"This was a repeat purchase. I have used C.E.T. chews for years for all my dogs, previously purchasing them at my veterinarian's. Now that I have found I can order them at Amazon.com at a better price, I will be purchasing the chews only from Amazon. I use the ""large"" for my dogs, which weigh from 30 to 36 pounds. They are the perfect size for them. They satisfy the chewing need and help keep teeth and gums in good condition."
"Very cute. Mine is a little tilted, he leans to one side--the legs weren't assembled straight, but it's still functional. The only thing I don't like is that the dispenser gives about 15 m&ms at once and you have to make sure to catch them when you use the lever in the back--they just fly out because it's such a large opening. The good thing is that I should be able to refill with peanut m&ms (they came with regular)."
"The coffee is fine, and the price is a bargain, BUT...when the box was delivered, there was loose coffee coming out of the bottom of the box. Some of the K-cups were open and had to be thrown away and were not useable. It looks like the K-cups are just thrown into the carton and some were torn open in the process. The box was undamaged so the damage was not incurred during shipping. If it occurs again, I'm going to cancel the subscription."
"I ordered the Charm sweet pops wanting to try something new,they're delicious,but the variety was a bit off,I got all Cherry and Grape with two watermelon,I just wish the company would have added more flavors so I could experience all they had to offer.They came in perfect condition,which was a relief to me.I love the overall flavor and how long they last,I gave them four stars just because of the variety,maybe the variety is based off of most popular flavors?"
"I BBQ quite a bit w/a real emphasis on Chicken & Pork. I'm guessing that the Korean culture perfected BBQ sauces when the USA was a dream some thousand years away. Give this stuff a shot on chicken, ribs or tenderloin. I was skeptical but thouroghly rewarded upon my first use. You can use this as a marinade as well as a mop/baste with great results. Not a great dipping sauce on a standalone basis but it's strength is when heat is applied."
"I thought I'd try these after getting a gift certificate. I've had the Green Mountain Dark Magic and that has been my favorite so far. Jet Fuel is a bold flavor, not bitter, but there is a bite to it. I really like it and this is the type of coffee I prefer for the morning!! Not sure if I'd re-order as I prefer the smokiness of a french roast but overall a nice bold roast from Coffee People! :)"
"I have 2 pit bulls that love to chew and this toy has suprising lasted a few months. The rubber on it can be chewed off (so supervision is required), but even with chunks of it gone, it still works great and keeps them busy. Besides the rubber being no challenge to chew through (especially the cord), the biggest down sides are that the plastic is so hard that it could damage some furniture (and feet) and it is loud when they throw it around"
"We have been eating Kashi for years and really like it. The coolest thing about buying it through Amazon is that I can have a subscription! Imagine, every month (or more depending on your requested interval) you get a note from Amazon asking if it is ok to send this months installment, and for a lower price that I can generally find it in the stores. At the rate we eat cereal this is a most amazing thing. Thanks Amazon."
"Unable to get to a health products store, I got Better than Bullion vegetable base and the beef base. Both are way too salty if you are watching your daily recommended sodium intake it is listed at 21 percent for the beef variety (reduced sodium) and 30 percent for the vegetable base. It makes me wonder if there other products are this way too. It is something to consider and I've found powdered vegetable broths to be much more friendly in terms of low sodium."
"Whatever issues Amazon was having with shipping before, they seemed to have fixed the problem. I received a full case, not one broken cookie. These are delicious and taste just like regular buttery shortbread. However, they are LOADED with fat and calories (each cookie has 8 gm fat and over 200 calories!). Who eats just one cookie? Then, you're looking at way too much for just a snack. So, if you have incredible self control or are very skinny, order up!"
I found these at a local store - heavily discounted - and was super impressed. It's a good mix of flavors and filling but not heavy. Perfect for my lunch meal since I usually keep that kind of small. It's truly amazing what fits in such a small box. Very handy to keep in stock for on-the-go meals. Highly recommended for anyone that travels a great deal. I'm planning on making sure I've got a good stock for future flights or long driving trips.
I have been using Amazon for years and have rarely had a problem. After reading the reviews for this tea I purchased it only to find that the tea received was tasteless as another reviewer described. Now I have a pound of tea but I will not drink and have found that I cannot return it (I definitely do not agree with this policy). Regrettably the bag was not dated selected not tell if I had gotten an out of date bag.
"I have a very finicky eater, especially when it comes to treats (unless, of course, it's from my plate). Luckily, she loves these, and I have to fight her when I'm opening the pouch to give her more. Unfortunately, she wolfs these down with barely a crunch or two, so I don't think I'll see much benefit to her dental health. I'd like the treats to be a bit larger to force her to chew them."
"I had a cup of this at a friend's home, and he asked me if I liked it. I told him frankly that it wasn't great; it tasted too much like instant coffee. He said that it WAS instant! Conclusion: It is anathema to use a K-Cup brewer to make INSTANT anything. And at 50 cents (minimum) per cup, it's got to be the height of misplaced convenience. There are wonderful flavored coffee K-Cup varieties out there -- try them."
"A pair of these giant bags of your basic peanut M&M's sort of shrinkwrapped together, for the same price others are selling just one bag. I took these as a gift for a friend in Italy who hadn't been able to find them there. I had to pull one out of my suitcase to get it back under the weight requirements and put it in my carryon, no problems with either. My friend was delighted when they arrived and began snacking happily away immediately."
"I've had a few different flavors- this is by far my least favorite. I gave it 2 stars because I can *see* how some people would like it. It just wasn't for me. I thought the flavor was off, it tasted nothing like orange soda. It was also a bit too sweet for me. But please try other flavors! The other ones I've had (black cherry, cream soda, root beer) are really good."
"Learnt that flavored coffee is the least quality coffee for the flavoring will disguise its faults. We drank the Millstone Ground Coffee, Vanilla Nut Cream, 1.75-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12) and grew tired of the smell and taste. Much better to add your own essence of your preferred flavor. Learning about good coffee takes a while and eventually one becomes discerning and somewhat more demanding in their choices. For the time the price was decent so 3 Stars for this one."
"Although highly rated by experts, too much garlic smell for my taste. Going back to Shark brand after 4 bottles of this. Notes: 1. Smaller bottle than most; may be convenient at table. 2. Like some other good imported brands, no chemical preservatives. US Huy Fong has chemicals, probably because it' s left out all day on restaurant tables. 3. Top is weak--hinge broke off before fully used. 4. After #3 top very hard to put back on."
"This food is not a good food and is not worth the money. It contains by products and lots of corn. It will make your cats fat and lazy. My friend's cat was vomiting and had been to every vet and had every test but when she switched the food to Innova Evo, the cat stopped vomiting. Do not buy this food because for the same price you can buy Evo which is grain free and made with table-grade meat. SCIENCE DIET IS GARBAGE!"
"Whole-wheat pasta is better for you. However, this brand, Davinci is an absolute ripoff. It is about $3 per box for only 12 oz. To give a perspective, one could buy 16oz boxes of whole-wheat spaghetti for $1 per box and it will taste just as good. One would think that the pasta is organic at this staggering price, but no it is just regular whole-wheat pasta in a small 12oz. box. This is definitely a case of not getting what you pay for!"
"We actually got our first package of these at Costco (multi-flavor pack) but had not seen them there again. I was pleased to find them online here! Both of the kids thought they were good and even I, who normally cannot stand applesauce, would eat it. Not sure if it is the apples and the way this particular applesauce is made or if it may be the packaging, but as long as we keep eating it, who cares!"
"Im learning that Latin American and South American coffees have this distinct ""coffee"" caramelish finish. As a Peets Coffee fanatics we learned that Weavers roaster was the roaster for Peet's and we are hooked ! I already reviewd the French and Organic blend, but I must say this coffee here is a perfect afternoon drink. Met the weavers team at the Warner Brothers party and they gave me a half a pound of french roast. Since them we are fans. You wont be dissapointed !"
"So, my dog likes it. I'll just get that out there right away. But, it's awkward to carry and can be messy (which I didn't think it would be) but since you have to sometimes give it a little encouragement to get anything to come out, sometimes it just decides ""Oh you want ALL of it!"" and I have a sticky snouted puppy. And, she has since lost interest in it and prefers treats she can smell better."
"After an initial positive experience with the product, I ordered a second pack of 8. The first pouch we opened was fine, however the second was where we encountered a problem. The meat in the bottom of the package was covered in a thick nasty mold. I reached in and was about to take bite when I noticed the mold covering it! I'm guessing the seal must have somehow broke on the packaging? Just make sure you check before eating!"
"We have seven cats, one with terrible hairball problems. The first thing we noticed is that the cats ate easily twice as much of this food as they did of the grain free we usually feed. Like human junk food this food seemed to create appetite instead of satisfying it. This food is as expensive as the grain free. The cat with hairballs showed no improvement after two weeks of feeding this product. We have gone back to the grain free food we were feeding."
"My 8 month old isn't quite capable of sucking the food out of those things yet, but if I squeeze it out into a bowl and spoonfeed her, she LOVES them! Mommy thinks they're rather tasty too ;) I felt like it was great value for our money, as we will be using these on vacation to lighten our loads (versus glass jars) but they're not cheap enough to buy for everyday use. I normally make my own baby food."
"At first, I thought these tasted a little artificial. After a few handfuls I realized I like them, regardless. I am a big fan of this company's products, and have even gone so far as to speak with one of their growers about the integrated pest management systems they employ (using the smallest amount of pesticides possible). I will keep buying all their other flavors. The Bold line, especially the Habanero, is also excellent, as are the dark chocolate variety."
"the pre-measured bags are quick and convenient, but the popcorn is too salty for my taste buds. I made several batches for my daughter's slumber party. Some kids liked the popcorn, and some kids thought it was too salty and didn't eat it. Unless you like very salty popcorn, I would look for another brand. Lastly, it wasn't as fresh tasting like at our local movie theatre, which uses Orville Redenbacher. I'm going to google and see what Orville Redenbacher makes for kettle popcorn makers."
"As a long time employee of various Nevada casinos, I ate Prime Dip about once a week, now I am retired and make my own. Knorr Au Jus is as good as any I have tried in restaurants. Four stars as nothing is perfect. The previous poster, obviously has not followed instructions and either used too little water or too much cooking. Making this and other Knorr sauces is easier than boiling an egg. Try it, you will love it."
"I gave one of these to my 1-year old who only has 2 teeth but is teething like crazy. Less than 2 minutes later a piece over an inch long broke off in her mouth. I pulled it out and she was fine, but I didn't expect it to break that easily. She obviously loved the taste and feel because she grabbed the rest and started in again. They are incredibly messy but seem to serve their purpose. Definitely don't give these unsupervised, though."
"I am not happy at all with this product at all. I brought some Mexican vanilla back with me on my last trip and this vanilla smells like pure alcohol. It has a harsh smell. The real Mexican vanilla has a beautiful warm, rich smell with just a hint of... cinnamon perhaps? I am sorry that I bought 2 bottles of the stuff. Oh well, maybe it will get better with age or if I cook with it. John"
"I got this for my 100lb laberdoodle I want to keep her healthy so I get her real stuff to enjoy. I like the fact that the bones are not bleached like most dog treats. People buying treats for their dogs need to remember they are carnivores they need the protean and calcium that the marrow gives them. Not to mention they love bones, give them a choice between a bleached fake bone and a real bone see which one THEY chose."
Ive never tried kc bar-b-q so i didnt know what it was going to taste like. When i finally got it i took one bite and eewwwww not the greatest taste.......not like any bar-b-q ive tasted. Jack links should take this beef steak off the market.......maybe ok for older people that cant tolerate hot food.....my older friend really liked it so i gave it to him. try the peppered beef steak by jack links its the best by far.
"Starbucks' Sumatra is a kicky wake-up blend. It says ""Extra Bold"" on the bag, and it's truth in advertising. It's got a fiery, bold flavor, like the volcanoes of Indonesia. Starbucks' Komodo blend is equally kicky. The Sumatra Coffee is delicious, spicy, piquant... one of Starbucks best. It's stronger than <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EQ546Y"">Starbucks Breakfast Blend Coffee, Ground, 12-Ounce Bags (Pack of 3)</a> It's a perfect accompaniment to spicy huevos rancheros, and it's great on its own. It's a wake-up coffee!"
"I like the strawberry better then the vanilla yougurt bars. In fact the whole family seems to because I always find, boxes with all the strawberry eaten first! I won't buy these from amazon again in the summer months. The shipping is slow and in the bars sat on the delivery truck for over 15 hours in 100 degree heat so I got them melted. I had to put them in the freezer but they did not tatse the same."
"A friend recommended these bully sticks to me because it was more cost effective then the 5 a week fix I was supplying my dog. Admittedly when I first opened the package I thought they would be too large for my 15 pound Shih Tzu mix. I'm happy to report that she's a big fan and therefore so am I! Additionally, I appreciate the low odor and non-staining factors. If the shipping hadn't been so expensive, I would've given it 5 stars."
"Was unaware this product was made and irradiated in China Amazon should really have a country of origin for all products listed on Amazon.com especially when irradiated I'm quite uncomfortable with buying food products made in China. Even more so for pet products, where the track record is dubious at best. I know the FDA approves of food irradiation, but I remain skeptical and China's guidelines(on pet goods especially) are much more laxed than those of the FDA"
"I grew up eating sourpower straws/belts as a child with my best friends, and it came to my surprise that Amazon even sold these. I quickly purchased it ($15 for 150, that's only 10 cents each!) and the shipping was fast as usual. 150 sourpower belts that are individually wrapped is more than worth the price tag. It had the same great taste and sourness that only sourpower could provide. Highly RECOMMEND these to anyone who likes sourpower products or sour tasting candy."
"Delicious, but the popcorn is completely covered in a crunchy caramel topping - aka CARAMEL corn, so why call it Kettle corn? Kettle corn should be salty and sweet with no candy coating. If you want a lighter cracker jack this is delicious (although on some pieces the coating is so thick you almost have to wait for it to melt before you chew it). Was hoping for something similar to trader joes kettle corn and this is NOT it."
"I was very pleased with this coconut water. It tastes fresh, pure and delicious. It's excellent for re-hydration, especially after sports, while pregnant, in labor, or just during the hot summer months. The tetra bottles are large, great for stashing in the refrigerator and using throughout the day. I typically buy another brand, but I'm glad I decided to try ZICO this time. The only ingredient in this particular item is coconut water, and it's not from concentrate."
"This food is not a good food and is not worth the money. It contains by products and lots of corn. It will make your cats fat and lazy. My friend's cat was vomiting and had been to every vet and had every test but when she switched the food to Innova Evo, the cat stopped vomiting. Do not buy this food because for the same price you can buy Evo which is grain free and made with table-grade meat. SCIENCE DIET IS GARBAGE!"
"I have to be brutally Honest here. I have been drinking tea all my life and it wasn't until 1980 (I was 17) that I started drinking PG Tips. I rate it as the WORLDS BEST and if I ever go abroad, there is always a box of PG Tips in my case. I tried Lipton Tea and OMG, was like drinking dish water. If you want a cuppa, that can satisfy your thirst, PG Tips is the BEST. Lipton is the Worst."
"I am a big fan of Earl Grey tea, because not only does it taste good, but I love the way it smells. I decided recently to try to switch to green tea because of the health benefits but I find I don't like most green teas out there. This one, however, is great. It tastes good and has the wonderful aroma that I like. I hope they keep making this for a long time because I will be drinking it!"
"What I like about his product is that I recognize all the ingredients listed on the back. That's a lot more than I can say for most dog products. I also like that is is made in the U.S. Sorry, but I won't buy any products from China any more for my dogs---too risky. I haven't used it long enough to determine whether it really works for my dog, but the ""yum"" factor is there for him; I'll update the review later."
"My Pug likes these biscuits more than the usual peanut butter ones we give him, but the jury is still out on whether they really do clean his teeth. I notice some improvement, in particular in the realm of doggie bad breath; but he's a young dog and tartar isn't a big problem for him yet so it's difficult to determine how well these are working. However, the dog likes them, his breath IS improved, and so I'd consider buying these again!"
"I first looked into getting this cereal because it offers DHA and is organic which no other cereal does yet. The probiotics may also help with my son's eczema. (There are conflicting studies on this, but I figured it can't hurt.) There is some controversy about Martek's DHA in organic products. But overall it's a great cereal. My son does well with it. I only gave 4 stars because it's not the greatest value out there."
"I purchsed Nana's Coconut Chip cookies at Amazon and loved them. Incredibly moist, luscious and yummy, these oversized cookies are as satisfying as they are good for you. With wholesome ingredients and no refined flour or sugar, these are truely healthy treats. Chocolate chips and coconut flakes are paired perfectly while the flavor of each is allowed to shine through. Brilliant! If you love chocolate and coconut, especially together, in one chewy concoction, you would find these cookies addictive. And they are vegan too."
"Bought this at a natural foods store and was at first worried when I saw the texture as it came out of the box. Once I started whipping it though, it turned a beautiful white fluffy texture. It complimented my pumpkin pie marvelously and my meat-eating in-laws even loved it! Tastes just like cool whip. Put it on chocolate cookies and freeze it for a tasty vegan ice cream sandwich! Well worth the price. Makes 4 cups of the cream!"
"We really enjoy the Twinings k-cups. I'm a casual tea drinker and I think it's a really good cup of tea, and there's no wait for water to boil and for the tea to steep. My wife is pretty particular about her tea and she quite likes it as well, but feels that there's no beating making tea the old fashion way. So, not quite as good loose tea or bagged tea, but certainly a lot more convenient and a lot quicker."
"I was looking forward to these bars, since most of the reviews were great. Unfortunately, my experience was not a pleasant one. I bit into one bar and noticed something strange. I put on my glasses and saw hair, lots of hair in the bar. Gross! Bad quality control day? Whatever, I will not do business with KIND again. I got a full refund from Amazon. Thank you Amazon, I don't blame you. P.S. Look at my posted pictures."
"My first impression was this is very good candy ... my second was that you sure don't get much for your money (30 M&Ms) at over a dollar a bag. I had assumed these weren't available in our area, but have since found them at several large local chain stores in their checkout aisles for about 50 cents a bag (same size). The convenience of having them delivered to your door is not worth double the price. Live and learn!"
"the taste is fine; but the red 40 coloring in the product turns my tongue and lips red as if i had just had a red lollipop. i have no problem drinking it on the days i don't plan to go outside, assuming the coloring has no negative health impact, but for days i go to work, you can see the stuff on my lips. i won't be buying this again but will switch back to the crystal light green teen raspberry i used to get."
"Its eh. I ordered this even though I had read that the pumpkin spice had too much of a cinnamon spice to it. I thought, ""Its called pumpkin SPICE and its supposed to have a cinnamon flavor. Silly reviewers."" I am now that silly reviewer. The pumpkin spice was a big let down. It has too much cinnamon. I haven't even tried the cinnamon flavor yet because I'm afraid. The egg nog is the best of the bunch. I wouldn't buy this again."
"I love the Mio line. The portable package is sleek and stylish. The concept behind using as much or as little as you like is wonderful and for the most part the flavors are awesome. I don't like this flavor as much as I do some of the others. But taste is subjective and even though I found the flavor to be off, I am still giving this a good review because the idea is a great one."
"I give it credit for being organic but the flavor is off. I got the strawberry and I don't think it tastes like strawberry at all, maybe it's just me but I found that I don't really care for the flavor. The ingredients say everything is organic but it is made from apples and not straberries. It says it has organic flavoring but does not state what the flavoring is from. I don't think I would buy this again only because I didn't like the taste."
I purchased this coffee as a gift for my mother and it arrived well before the estimated delivery date. I was told the coffee was definitely fresh which can sometimes be a challenge when trying to buy Jaimaican Blue Mountain coffee. It was just as good as the Blue Mountain coffee that I had brought back from Jamaica quite a few years ago. Great coffee from and would recommend purchasing from this reseller if looking to purchase Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee.
"I like lime and I like chili so I figured this would be a pretty tasty nut. It is definitely very flavorful but the lime overpowers the chili so much that the chili might as well be nonexistent. So if you are a lime lover you will probably enjoy this flavor, otherwise you might want to try one of the other varieties instead. Personally I will finish up this batch but once they're gone I will go back to my habanero bbq and wasabi."
"I love chocolate and I love sweets. My favorite of all donuts is the Chocolate Glazed donuts. When I seen this product I had to try it. I love coffee, how bad can it be? Answer: Gross! Don't waste your money. This doesn't taste like Chocolate or Glazed donut. This tastes like a really old burnt cup of stale coffee. It's so bad I may have to toss the unused portion, as it's really hard to drink."
"I'm rather ignorant about plants, I will admit... but I was a little disappointed when I received this plant only to realize that it's an outdoor plant. At least I assume that it is because it came with an ""Outdoor Bonsai Care"" pamphlet. It doesn't say anywhere in the description on here that it's an outdoor plant. It is a beautiful plant but I don't have an outdoor area to keep it in so I'm going to wind up giving it to a friend."
"It's high-quality and the price is right, especially with subscribe-and-save via Prime, but after months of trying to keep up with my subscription, I had to put it on hold. I'm not a big water drinker, but this stuff has a distinct flavor and when you're using it as a work-out beverage four or five times a weak it eventually wears on you. Or me, at least. I'd still recommend it, just don't OD the way I did."
"Have been enjoying Mueslix since early '90s. Some reason, I can not locate mueslix in local supermarkets in New York, so I order through Amazon. Taste is perfect not so sweet. I do not care too much about raisins but in this cereal I do enjoy greatly. It is enjoyable way to supplement fibers with whole grain, a perfect breakfast that lasts until lunch time! Tried all different kind & choices of many cereals out there but there is nothing like Mueslix;"
"This is a super premium dog food, but if you are a first time user, beware, it can cause stomach upset and diareah. Add slowly to your dogs old food. Orijen has a high protein level and if your dog is used to lots of carbs, too much Orijen initially will be hard on the dogs stomach. Once you incorporate this food slowly into your dogs diet, it is a great food that will make your dog healthy and happy"
"My dog loved the ball and the everlasting treat but about 12 hours after going crazy licking it, she'd throw it all up. I tried again two weeks later, convinced that maybe it was something else that had made her sick, and like clockwork, 12 hours went by and she vomited again. She loves the ball so I will probably put her biscuits in the very inside and let her play with it that way. I regret spending so much on this toy."
"When purchasing, keep in mind this picture is dishonest and misleading. It shows a 3 flavor pack with two lik a sticks. Yet when I received the fun dip, it was individual flavor packs (only two flavors - blue raspberry and cherry...no grape) and one lik a stick per flavor. VERY misleading! We purchased this with the idea that we would have 3 flavors with two lik a sticks! Unfortunately, it is an unreturnable item. The description was not clear about these details either."
"I was extremely disappointed with this product and here's why: A dog's natural diet is meat and greens, and maybe a tiny amount of fruit. The main ingredient in this dog food is corn meal. (There are also wheat and rice flour in this product.) It also contains sugar (!) and 4 different artificial colors (!!!!). Who is the color for? Do dogs care about color? No! Shame on you, Purina - this is not a ""natural food"" for a dog."
"We missed that this coffee is packaged ""For Use only in Single Serve Home Coffee Pod Brewers."" Doh. We don't have such a brewing device, so I cut open the packets and used the loose, ground beans in our french press (and this worked well). The coffee itself is outstanding (at least via our french press). A nice smooth, rich flavor; a hint of fruit in the smell; very little acid taste. We quite enjoyed it."
"I love the taste of pop-chips but, I think it is a little too salty. The manufacturer for some reason decided that it looked,tasted too healthy and decided to add extra salt to appeal to a broad audience. I think they woul've been better served keeping the salt content low. I would recommend the barbecue flavor which doesn't suffer from the same problem. the worst I think is the sour-cream (or something like that) flavor. This one is ok."
"They are very thick and last for quite a while but I thought I'd pass out from the odor when I first opened the bag. I finally decided to take them all outside and spread them around for a couple of days to air out. They aren't so bad now. It was really overwhelming at first. Even though they last and she likes them, I won't buy them again. I've bought others here on Amazon that didn't smell this bad."
"I guess fudge can be any flavor, but I associate it more with chocolate than anything. This product appears to have no chocolate at all. Looks and tastes more lie a scotch flavored caramel. And a poorly executed one at that. Too soft, and the sugar seems undercooked and ""crunchy"" to the teeth. Not smooth and delicious like a fudge should be. Scotch flavor is there and well balanced, but overall disappointing. Hopefully this is just a bad batch."
"After reading about the benefits of coconut water, I decided to give this brand a try. I have tried a few other brands with a juice added, but they all have lot of extra sodium. Be sure to read the labels. Some have less potassium in them than the Via Coco brand. I felt like this was better for my husband to drink than Gatorade. He works on a/c during the summer and is out in the heat all day long."
"Of all the Gloria Jean flavored coffee's I have to say in my own opinion, Butter Toffee is by far the best. It has a stronger smell than flavor and blends well with stronger un-flavored coffee (I use Timothy's Black Magic). I really enjoy flavored coffee although the husband does not...but he LOVES this one. That has got to say something. It's a perfect dessert coffee as well as the first cup that greets you in the morning."
Not the best Earl Grey I have tasted but certainly acceptable for regular drinking. The exceptional price makes it a great value. Stronger Bergamot than other Early Grey's I have tried. I didn't find the smokiness other have described. Perhaps the quality varies from batch to batch. I stick to the instructions and use one rounded teaspoon per 8 ounce cup or it gets bitter for me. Makes for a lighter cup than other Earl grey's but that is what I like about it.
"You cannot return food items to Amazon, so be sure you want this before you get it: <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000EF3E5O"">Crown Prince Natural Solid White Albacore Tuna in Water, No Salt Added, 12-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)</a>. It has no added salt, so if that is important to you, the tuna in the cans is very nice and the cans are BIG (12 oz, not 6 oz.) Amazon has other albacore tuna for less: <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000KHGSI6"">Polar All Natural Solid White Albacore Tuna, 12-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)</a>."
"I love the other Nana's cookie bars and cookies, so I thought I'd give these a try even though they are ""No Gluten"" and made with rice flour instead of wheat flour. They look nice, but the texture is a bit strange (it's kind of like eating really fine sand) and they are too dry and crumble at the slightest touch. They don't taste bad, which is a plus, but I won't be buying these again."
"This did not work for our puppy. It left her with quite the upset tummy. It was the food she came home from the breeder on, but something must have changed when she got home. We have since made the switch to eukanuba and she is a much happier pup! Plus, I am happier too since I'm no longer cleaning up after her all the time! As always, Amazon was great, but I would not recommend this food for your puppy."
"I wanted to love these bags, but the truth is that I put more of them in the garbage than I used for garbage because simply pulling them apart at the perforations caused tears to start, and once the tears started they just kept getting longer and longer as I every so gently tried to open the bag in a way that would salvage it. I'll look for other compostable garbage bags. These ones need some work!"
"These are not the fried banana chips from the grocery store- they are fresh bananas, sliced and freeze dried, so the flavor is like a fresh banana with a nice crispy texture. No added sugar or fat- and very good. I will definitely be ordering these again. I never go through bananas fast enough when I buy fresh- these are the perfect solution- and would be great on cereal!! I like them out of the bag!"
"I have not tried the product, so I can't actually rate it, but wanted to list the ingredients for those out there that have food allergies such as myself. I am severely allergic to cashews, so I really need to know the ingredients of Indian food since it is quite common. Ingredients : - tomato, water, onion, cottage cheese, ghee, butter, cashewnut, ginger, refined veg oil, salt, garlic, coriander, sugar, red chilli, cumin, turmeric, copra, green chilli, cinnamon, big cardamom, bay leaf, clove and spices."
"This is great granola! I had looked at it on Amazon previously, and was unsure of the ingredients based on their description. I found it at Whole Foods, bought a package and loved it. It is very basic granola, done well. The ingredients (reading from a package in hand) are: Certified Gluten Free Oats, Wildflower Honey and Canola Oil -- no fruits or nuts at all. I am ordering more. (Incidentally Udi's Gluten Free Vanilla Granola is really good too.)"
"Be aware that you will not get what is in the picture, but what is in writing. I called to verify what I would get if I placed an order for the food in the picture and was assured it would be cat food. What came was a 34 pack of dog sausages as in the writing. As soon as/if they change it, I will delete this reveiw. Be aware. Even though it was returned at amazon expense, it was still a pain in the neck."
"I was really disappointed in this product. Although the aroma is very nice, fresh and green smelling, there is a distinct bitterness in the flavor. This is not the peppery finish you find in good olive oil. I like the peppery finish. This is bitterness, plain and simple. I recommend that you try <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001ET63MK"">Barbera Frantoia Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 33.8-Ounce Bottle (Pack of 2)</a> instead. It has all the good attributes of the Bariani with none of the bad."
"Olives and tortilla chips...who ever though such a combo would be so good? No trans fats, not overly salty, nothing artifical (like the label says...) makes for something a bit different that your typical tortilla chip. You don't need any salsa or cheese on top of them -- the flavor is perfect (if you like the taste of green olives, that is.) You'll be asking for more as the 1 oz. bag will not be enough!"
"Mayonnaise is easily my favorite condiment, and nothing but Hellmann's (aka Best Foods west of the Rockies) will do. It's super thick so my sandwiches don't get soggy in the lunchbox, and it has the perfect amount of tanginess! The only other mayo that can compare is fancy-pants Japanese mayo, but I still like this stuff a lot better. The squeeze bottles have a slightly different consistency and flavor, I've found. 5/5 for the jar type though!"
"Buying K-Cups appears to take more math & literacy skills than most people seem to have. People keep comparing the price of different boxes without accounting for the cup-count. The trick is to comparison shop the price per-Kcup because the boxes vary from 18 count boxes to 24 count boxes...eight more cups makes a difference. This a a fair deal in my opinion since you get two 24 count boxes, and it is shipped to your door."
"Amazon seems to have combined the reviews for three different products here, Italian, French, and Columbian. I picked up a box of the Italian Roast at the grocery, and I really like it. It is strong and full flavored without bitterness. For hot coffee, I make the larger size cup, and the smaller for iced coffee. I checked Amazon to see if I could save money, but it looks like the same price I paid at the store ($9.99 for a box of 12)."
"Decided to give these a try based on price. The coffee tastes great but since the 'cups' don't have the plastic bottoms (a filter element), we had to store in a sealed jar to keep them fresh and not have the coffee bean smell thru-out the house. (or you could use a plastic ziploc - original bag was not re-sealable). They did one thing finally right - you don't have to pay MORE for going green when buying LESS packaging. Kudos."
"i ordered 1 jar pepper jerky which has a plastic taste and is not eatable due to that. i threw the whole jar away. i ordered 1 jar teriyaki jerky and i can eat it but it's so hard to chew. first of all the jerky is cut in ultra thin round patches and has very little taste, but you can spend forever trying to chew it. it is the worse jerky i have ever eaten or tried eating. i blew 30 dollars on this junk!"
"After looking everywhere for these cookies/wafers, I finally found them on Amazon.com. I was bummed that the smallest quantity I could order was 12 boxes, partly because I was concerned about the risk of the cookies being damaged in shipping; I couldn't bear the thought of spending that much money on cookies that ended up broken. As things turned out, I was needlessly worried: I've opened 4 of the 12 boxes so far, and they all arrived in good shape."
"I purchased these coffee's which arrived in good time. Nine of the coffee's I received were not usable as they were not full K-cups, some were almost empty. This was highly disappointing. I also should have paid more attention as many of the products received were not ""coffee"" I would not purchase from this person again. Receiving nine (9) unusable coffee's is not my idea of a good product and not a good use for my money."
"My cookies were in such tiny broken pieces ,they were useless. Upon complaint, a second mailing arrived several weeks later. The cookies were again in crumbs. The cookies were packed in a box with a pitiful single air bubble. I gave this feedback and expected some effort to improve on the packing. But no, same packaging, same useless cookies. Having enjoyed these Highlanders in the past, it was both a disappointment and a big waste of money."
"If you have dentures or braces or loose teeth, don't try to eat these. The first time I bit into one, I was unprepared for the resistance I met, which resulted in a small battle with the bar complete with slobbering and growling. Note to self--do not eat in public. My solution is to microwave the bar--after removing the foil wrapper!--to soften up the caramel. The taste is decent--and may or may not be worth the struggle of actually consuming it. Personal decision, I suppose."
"I bought the Vanilla flavor to have a convenient cup of coffee for 1 person without having to brew a whole pot. The taste is extremely artificial. It's not a bad taste, but it is not a true coffee experience. I wouldn't normally note that save for the fact that Starbucks markets their VIA as an identical taste to their brewed coffee. I don't think I will be spending $7.00 for this product again. My three stars are for the convenience."
"These do not look or smell very appetizing, but Casper loves them. He has been having his statutory 2 a day and wants more. He has found where they are stored and has demolished 3 paper towel rolls in an effort to get at the bags. I haven't seen a dramatic improvement in his legs yet, but it does seem he is not limping quite so much. Time will tell. ***UPDATE**** Time did tell - NO MORE limping - brilliant!!!"
"I read the earlier reviews about the red top coming off and spraying in face, but, since Ortho, decided to risk it as an anomaly. However, on the second bottle the hose connection came off several times (tried to reattach it). Ortho definitely has a problem with quality control on the container (and makes one wonder about the chemicals). Expected better from this brand. Will definitely pass over the brand name next time. Also, price seems high. So much for ordering online."
I thought for sure I was going to love this tea. I love licorice and I like my teas sweet. I was so disappointed in the flavor of this product! It has very little licorice taste and an almost sickening after taste and smell. I added sugar to it as I did not find it very sweet. I ordered the 6 box pack of this so I guess I have 5 boxes of it to give away
"I found this chocolate incredibly aromatic, with flavors that I could not get enough of. I all I need to do is just open the protective foil, take a deep breath, and I just want to grip that heady aroma forever! As to the flavor, I'll just let a square melt as slowly as possible in my mouth, to drag out the exquisite pleasure of this deliciously exotic yet perfectly balanced chocolate creation. I highly recommend this to chocolate lovers."
"I've ordered the sugar free Hazelnut syrup from Amazon before and it tasted just as I expected (like my local coffee house). However, my most recent order (a pack of 3 bottles) tasted like caramel, smells very sweet and has no hint of hazelnut. I thought perhaps is was a packaging mistake since all 3 bottles had the same horrible taste. However, I was told that Torani changed the recipe. If you're expecting a hazelnut flavor, don't order this product anymore unfortunately."
"The Tangerine doesn't taste good at all, haven't tried other flavors. I suspect they got the caffeine from coffee, not tea. Almost seemed like a black coffee taste. Some people who are sensitive to coffee might then get a stomach ache. I even tried adding sugar to it and it was still bad. Maybe the other flavors are okay since many don't have caffeine. FYI, it only has a little more caffeine then a 20 oz Coke does, try the shots if you want more."
"Earth's best organic food are wonderful if you're on the go and didn't have time to make your baby's food. The food that was shipped expires in two months! Since it was a good price, I thought I would stock up. If I knew this, I would not have purchased it! The baby food that i purchased last week at our local Whole Foods Market expires in two years. Now i'm stuck with 48 jars of pears that will expire in two months."
"I had some kale chips at a friend's house that were amazing, so I felt adventurous and thought I would try these. Big mistake. These are absolutely inedible. Not only do they not taste like barbecue, they don't taste like anything anyone should eat - ever. I have to believe they never did a R&D/taste test phase for this product. My quest to find delicious store-bought kale chips continues, but I know I will NOT be buying from Kaia again. Bleeccch!"
"Amazon's suggestion for a 4 star review is ""I like it."" That being said, I gave a 5 star review to the Spicy Thai chips. These chips are perfect for people that enjoy a spicy chip, but whose taste buds don't appreciate the added sweetness and ginger flavor. The only thing I REALLY dislike about these chips (along with the rest of the flavors) is that the serving size is HALF the bag. Really? Who can eat half and save the rest for later??? Not me..."
"Yeah I agree, I've been using this for years and when the local stores quit carrying it (for whatever reason they do stuff like that), I was glad to see it here, and loaded up. By the time you cook your rice this will be more than ready, and it's a great sauce base to start from if you want to use half at a time. Somehow they lucked out and managed to get the flavors just right, and they haven't mucked it up since."
"I've been eating Chex Mix for over a decade. It's been a slow decline from a great product to one that Betty Crocker should be ashamed of. I now find myself searching for the random over-seasoned chex for a little flavor and end up throwing away 30 pretzels because apparently that's all Chex Mix is now. It's very condescending that Betty Crocker thinks people can't notice the decline in quality. Taste of Worcestshire Sauce? Not even close. Bland, bland, bland."
"I ordered this product for a 50th birthday party to be used with a full size carnival popcorn machine. It was perfect for this use, however, we had several left over and was very surprised that we could use it in our regular sized Whirley Pop popcorn popper that we use at home. We just needed to scale the amount back by 1/2 and do two batches, but it had the same great taste and popped wonderfully. Will definitely order again just for home use."
"I know this tea is probably sold locally, but I didn't want to run from store to store looking for it and wasting my day. Even though I had to pay for shipping and handling the total price wasn't too bad. The tea is a little flowery for my tastes, but with a bit of sugar and milk, it's perfect. I don't know if it's the actual ingredients or the time honored tradition of tea drinking, but I definitely felt relaxed afterwards."
"This product is a complete JOKE. The K-Cups are filled with INSTANT COFFEE. There is NO FILTER. NO COFFEE GRINDS. If I wanted to use a Keurig to brew INSTANT COFFEE, I would spend a few CENTS and put coffee in the bottom of a mug and use the brewer to add hot water. I CERTAINLY would NOT spend 31 cents per cup to buy instant coffee in a K-Cup. This was a COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY. I wish I could request a full refund."
"This product did not include the ""shaking bag"". In addition, the package says that it will cover 6 pork chops. I was only able to coat 4 thin chops. The chops were done in 15 minutes as promised BUT they were not flavorful at all. Dry coating without much seasoning. I recall having shake n bake in youth and it was much more tasty. I so wanted to love this nostalgic food, but it just was not good at all. ):"
"I love kind bars! As a super allergic person these have been very helpful. However when I received the ""apple cinnamon pecan"" bars, tore open the first one and saw CASHEW pieces, sadness resulted. If there is an ingredient as allergy causing as peanuts or cashews in a bar that I could SEE upon opening it should be noted somewhere. My mother won as I gave her the box if bars but I, sadly, had a big disappointment."
"so i got the ""freeze dried"" ice cream it was already in pieces so i didn't need to cut it, it was good but i wont plan on buying it again. at first it taste like its melting in your mouth then it stops melting, it has a nice flavor of the vanilla & chocolate but the strawberry didn't taste like strawberry. overall it is good for a one time shot but not an everything thing. i would be sticking to my frozen Ben and Jerry's"
"I recently adopted a puppy from a rescue, and he was a little sickly and had been eating a big label brand puppy food at the rescue. I switched him to Blue Buffalo puppy and he perked right up. He became more regular, his coat is shiny, his breath is better and he LOVES this food! I have had dogs before on Purina One and Nutro Max, and those foods were good. But this is better....it is more expensive but it is worth it!"
"These are really tasty, that's a fact. Because they're made of fruit, nuts, and puffed rice, they're also reasonably healthy, making them a reliable snack. I only wish these babies had a bit less sugar, therein allowing me to eat them more often than I currently allow myself to. Of course, I'm sure that would mess up the flavor and make them an entirely different bar, so that's not really a possibility.) Overall, an excellent portable snack, with plenty of healthy fats and deliciousness."
"I sent this to my son for a snack during finals week. It didn't arrive as scheduled, so he didn't have it for finals week. He was finally able to pick it up today as the mail room on campus was closed for winter break. It was a nice surprise and he had plenty to share with his friends, thank goodness it didn't spoil. I would order this item again, but I would request a different means of delivery."
Pretty good for an affordable gluten free cake mix from a major brand but not totally amazing. The rice flour is very evident due to the dense texture of this cake. I made it and actually ended up throwing some out which NEVER happens with chocolate cake but only so much of the dense texture of the cake could be tolerated in our house apparently. It is missing the airy quality that good cake has. An acceptable alternative but nothing amazing.
"These chips are a great change from eating just regular potato chips. Their crunchy texture and being thicker than regular chips is a different experience. If you have not tried them, you should. Here is something strange. . . when I placed the order with Amazon. It was sent to one company and then out-sourced to another company. OMG, they're just chips!! But, it's the sign of the times. I should be glad I did't get ""Peggy"" in India."
"I was fooled, the previous product features of this product said that I was suppose to receive 6 boxes of tea at 108 each box, total 648. I was really excited because I love tea and was thinking ...wow what a great deal!! To my surprise I only received 1 gift set box of 6 teas, total 108 and to my suprise they also changed the product features to read the correct thing. I WAS FOOLED AND AM VERY DISAPPOINTED."
"I bought this because it was on sale, and I was helping my mother-in-law save money. She feeds this garbage to her dog three times a day. He is addicted to it and won't eat anything else. Dry food is much healthier. This stuff runs her 70 cents a pack at wal-mart. That is almost 850 dollars a year just for this garbage. Table scraps would be better than this garbage. You are nuts if you feed your dog this stuff."
"If you are into ""energy"" or ""protein"" bars, please try the Lara Bars. They contain no more than 6 ingredients such as walnuts, almonds and cashews to provide protein and the ""good fats"" as well as such fruits as dates, bananas, cherries and apple which give your body the carbohydrates it needs for energy. Compare them to any other bar on the market and you will see how the short list of simple ingredients adds up to great nutrition as well as great taste."
"My kids and I have tried several brands of whole wheat macaroni and cheese, and this is definitely our favorite. You certainly can taste that it's whole grain, but we've gotten used to it and think it's quite tasty. As a mom, I like that the cheese isn't florescent orange and is quite easy to clean up as a result. A yummy, ""healthy"" mac 'n cheese delivered by your UPS guy at a great Amazon subscribe & save price...what more can you ask for?!"
"These are nothing to write home about. There is not much peanut butter flavor and the chocolate is so-so. These are very chewy compared to most granola bars, so you won't get much crunch in your bite. The bars are small and do not compare with other granola bars in terms of consistency and flavor. If you like peanut butter and chocolate, I recommend the Oh Yeah! Good Grab bars instead. They have much more flavor and more protein."
"I thought I was getting something special for my babies. It was marked down and I thought I was getting a steal. But I had second thoughts as soon as I opened the can. It looks like something you would spackle a wall with. Seriously, it has the consistency of paste. Thankfully, I have one cat that is my little garbage can and I know when he's really hungry that I can get rid of one of these Newman's Own Organic Beef cat food cans."
"I'm very disappointed in the quality of the box, so much so that I haven't even tasted the tea. The product description says it is ""wooden with full velvet lining"", when in truth it is cheap pressed cardboard with wood grain contact paper (or something similar). Very flimsy (cheap) hinges and clasp. I considered giving it to someone as a gift but I would be embarrassed doing so. Don't waste our money, especially since Amazon won't let you return it."
"i drink my coffee strong and black so this is too weak for me. i do have the one pot coffee maker and i either have to decrease the water or use two of these. this is not economical. it is much easier to just wrap some french roast coffee into a paper towel and use that instead. if you like very mild coffee pods, this i s fine, but not for those of us who can't get it strong enough."
"Although the flavor of the coffee is good, the K-cup is not properly sealed. The cover seal breaks when brewing, resulting in coffee grounds in the brewed coffee and coffee coffee grounds in the Keurig brewer. This necessitates a thorough cleaning of the brewer each time a new K-cup is used. I ordered and received two boxes of Tullys House Blend. I have not opened the second box because of the inferior seal on the K-cup."
"I normally love Larabars. I have tried a few favors and have loved them all but there is something really off about the Jocalat bar. They were dried out and when you tried to take a bit out of the bar it crumbed. The box said they were good until Jan 2012 but they tasted old, dried out, just plan gross. I am not sure if this a bad box or if larabar company needs to redo their bar flavor.Bad product!!!"
"Great mix of vegetables, low salt, fat free, organic. Not to spicy, not to bland. They got the mix of spices just right as a long time meat eater ( i have been addicted to cow for years) this ""healthy eating"" thing is new to me I really didn't think this soup would be very good WOW, I was plesently surpised By far the tastiest soup i have ever had that wasn't home made"
"At first the dogs were confused and the golden terrified. But once they sniffed it and figured out how to lick it, they loved it. I think it smells awful, nothing like bacon. But the dogs appreciated it. It is a great way to give the dogs a treat without all the calories. One calorie to every ten licks. Just be sure to store it out of reach. I can see my basset counter surfing, grabbing it, and chewing it all up."
"Our family enjoyed the cinnamon roll flavor of Kellogg's Frosted Mini-Wheats Little Bites. The cinnamon flavor was a welcome change to the familiar Frosted Mini-Wheats, but I didn't care for the Little Bites size. The smaller bites grew soggy in the milk faster than Frosted Mini-Wheats usually do. However, the smaller bites were perfect for my younger children. Everyone who taste-tested the Cinnamon Roll flavor in my house enjoyed it, but I still prefer the original Frosted Mini Wheats."
"I absolutely enjoy this product. I'm a HUGE fan of dark chocolate so if you want the sweet melt-in-your-mouth type, this is not it. This is more akin to Baker's chocolate. Just slightly sweeter. It is a great value for your hard-earned $. I am currently eating 8 squares of this daily for the health benefits. A bar will last me 3 1/2 days. I've been able to lower my BP by 12 points on average."
"Pho is one of my favorite meals, unfortunately there aren't many good pho restaurants in my area. I bought this product at an Asian market without any expectations, however I was pleasantly surprised at how good the resulting soup came out. Definitely not the same as ones I've had at better pho reastaurants, but for a quick, delicious homemade meal, it's much better than I thought was possible. Just add beef, onions, and sprouts... highly recommended!"
"I actually like this tea, but I did give it three stars for a couple of reasons. The tea, in my opinion, is average... nothing really to set it apart... three stars is average... The tea is not organic, no really high points, no really bad points... again... average. The biggest negative for me is the price... at the supermarket they usually have sales on tea that would make this a lot cheaper if bought there."
"My cats love this cat food. They enjoy the shredded meat and chunks of potatoes and vegetables. This is a great supplement to commercial wet food, which I use when higher quality cat food is not available. UPDATE: I think they have changed some of their recipes. My cats used to love the Steak Frites, but they don't like the new version at all. I still think the food is good and very high quality, though."
"We love most everything blueberry. Was really looking forward to trying this diet blueberry juice. Should have read the label before purchase, but trusted Ocean Spray products in general. Turns out there is only 4 percent fruit juice in this product and drinking it readily proves it. It tasted like a very weak grape-flavored popular powder drink mix that has a smiling glass pitcher on its packet. Don't waste your money, this is not blueberry and hardly even a juice."
"This product was packed nicely and arrived in perfect condition. Taste great! Has a long shelf life so you can use these for topping individual servings of a sheet cake or cupcakes. I am impressed with these decorations. They seem high priced, but go buy them at a store or speciality place. I am very happy and they traveled a long way to get to me. The colors are vibrant and I can't wait to put these on my sheet cakes!"
I picked up some of this tea at the grocery store last week. It has some grassy aftertaste that many green teas have but not as much as some brands. I was careful with water temp and how long I let it steep and it wasn't bitter. It tastes somewhat clean and fresh but I like the much less expensive Salada better and I don't have to be careful with it like I do with Stash teas.
"I've had lots of hot and iced teas, and this is one of my favorite teas. I prefer iced tea and this is really good for iced tea. It comes in regular tea bags, but can easily make iced tea by using a few of the bags in hot water, and then once cooled adding with 2 quarts of water. Arizona did a great job of making a good blend. I would also recommend trying the AriZona Green Tea with Pomegranate and Acai."
Not only is the canister only 1/3 full but this tastes so horrible. My very un-fussy 4 year old literally spat it out. Thinking maybe she was being fussy I tried it myself and the sickly sweet taste is just vile. I use Vitality Supergreens and Dr Schultz's for myself and hoped to find a product that would be just as beneficial but tasty enough for a child - well this is definitely not it. Massive waste of money.
"These are NOT the pigeon peas used in England to make the Lancashire dish of parched peas (also called Carlin peas). I had written to the seller who did not know what country they came from but i thought i would give them a try anyway as i really wanted some ""black peas"". They are not at all similiar and i ended up throwing them out as the taste was awful. If you want the traditional Lancashire dish...don't buy these!!"
"This is a medium body, exquisitely aromatic, excellent tasting and wonderfully colored tea. The tea leaves are not crushed, but the real leaves are inside the pouch. Although a bit pricey, this is the best Earl Grey tea I've tasted on this side of the Atlantic. There are other fancy Earl Greys made by Tazo, Numi, and Stash, and only Tazo full leaf comes close; all of them excellent teas; yet, none can match this delicate and flavorful tea blended by TCBTL."
"I bought this thinking it would be better than all of those other proteins out there marketed to babies. Plus, My son loves the veggie/fruit pouches, but he won't touch any of these (Chicken, Beef, or Bean) with a 10-foot pole!! And we've tried to offer them quite a few times. I say try at your own risk but do not buy more than one or you may be wasting your money. Stick to fresh chicken."
"My brother uses Pro Flowers repeatedly for birthdays, Xmas, Mom's Day. *All* the flowers we've recieved are skimpy, wilted and die in a day. My bonsai arrived all broken. The replacement arrived all broken too. My mom won't tell my bro his flowers suck and are a waste of money, but I will. Save your money. Grocery store flowers are better than their's. Use family owned small businesses. I won't use them again."
"I eat a 80% paleo diet and these are a GREAT treat for me that fit into my lifestyle eating! I needed to give up my addiction to chocolate bars and the strong chocolate taste in these made it easy! A serving size is 2, but honestly just one satisfies me so well! Each one only has 2.5 g of sugar, but taste sweet (must be from the coconut oil/coconut). I HIGHLY recommend these! VERY healthy and very yummy!!!!"
"These are the strongest tasting salt and vinegar chips I've had. I could still do with more vinegar flavor, but I think this is as close as I'm going to get without dousing them with vinegar powder myself. I did a side by side with the Cape Cod salt and vinegar and these are about twice as flavorful. Additionally, as other reviewers have said, they have quite a good bit of potassium in them (somewhere in the neighbor of 15% RDA per serving)."
"This bar tastes just like pecan pie!!! It is truly amazing. There is no flour, sugar, eggs, chemicals, preservatives, or anything bad. There are only natural, healthy ingredients. This bar is suitable for vegans. This bar is suitable for health-conscious people or people on a diet. If you like pecan pie, but don't want to eat them because of all the bad stuff in them, then this bar should fill the bill and satsify your craving!!!!"
"These take a bit of work; rise them off, then boil for a bit, then try to dry them off, then fry them till squeeky, then add them to your item you're making. Good luck trying to cut them. They have no taste so works well in stir fry, or soup, or even spagetti sauce. I am used to dry noodles; these are slippery and wet when you take them out of the package. I'm not impressed."
"The items are tasty, unfortunately I developed hives and intense itching after ingestion. Never had allergic reaction to this type of food before but there's always a first. After initial hive breakout I stopped eating the pastries and gave it a few days to see if it could be from other things. The hives went away after a about five days and returned as soon as I ate the first piece after a week [they were refrigerated]."
"I have bought all of the various flavors of Caring Candies. They are well made and look great. Most of the candies are what I would call blander. (I think Americans are used to more flavoring added to their candies). But This licorice one is brimming with great licorice flavoring. I know with sugar free candies you never know what you are going to get. But if you like licorice, you will like these. Even my husband (who does lots of sugar) really likes these."
"I bought this food for my two yorkshire terriers because of the limited ingredients and because I know it's high quality. However, they will NOT eat this food and I've tried all the tricks (hiding it, mixing with yogurt or wet food, mixing it with their other dry food, etc.) They eat around it and spit it out. I guess they just really don't like the lamb taste. Also, it smells pretty bad. I will have to try a chicken based food next time."
"My husband loves the coffee, but this is the only one he's had that he has to continually clean out the machine because the cartridges don't remained sealed. The coffee grounds get inside the machine and in the coffee. After closer inspection, some of the cups aren't well sealed when they come out of the box. The price sounded good, but not for the quality and aggrevation. We will not purchase Van Houtte products in the future."
"The cookie is pretty tasty, presumably because of the honey. The fruit is a bit hard and bland, and definitely disappointing. Overall, I could see that some people would really enjoy the cookies, but I did not. Don't get me wrong: they were fine. I would eat them if they were offered to me, without complaint. But I don't think I will be buying these any more. It was surprising because I definitely enjoy Fig Newtons."
"These are awful. They do not taste like bananas, nor do they have any chocolate flavor. I would describe the taste as being primarily ""health food energy bar"" with undertones of fruit puree and a burned bittersweet aftertaste. The texture is soft, dense, and slightly dry, with little bits of something crunchy scattered through it. I have had other Kashi products that I liked, particularly the oatmeal dark chocolate cookies, but I would never purchase these nor would I recommend them to anyone."
"Unfortunately seller did not list ingredients in Product Features or Product Details and I incorrectly assumed it would be like other Furikake Urashima products. When it arrived I read the ingredient label. Ing: Sesame, salt, seaweed, monosodium glutamate, sugar, mirin, lactose, dextrin, soy sauce, green tea powder. MSG is listed as the FOURTH ingredient, you do the math. Purchased through Amazon PRIME service also incorrectly assuming I could return this POS but alas no returns. :("
"This wasn't all that easy for me to get made properly. I have a 1100 watt microwave and it took me some trial and error to get it to work right. The first try using the instructions resulted in big overflow, despite being in a very large bowl. After a few trys I found one and a half minutes at 60% power stir and repeat works reasonably well. It is pretty flavorless, so I throw in some cinnamon to add some flavor."
"the pre-measured bags are quick and convenient, but the popcorn is too salty for my taste buds. I made several batches for my daughter's slumber party. Some kids liked the popcorn, and some kids thought it was too salty and didn't eat it. Unless you like very salty popcorn, I would look for another brand. Lastly, it wasn't as fresh tasting like at our local movie theatre, which uses Orville Redenbacher. I'm going to google and see what Orville Redenbacher makes for kettle popcorn makers."
I love the regular style Pop Chips so when these were a Deal of the Day I grabbed a case of them. That was a mistake because these are gross. We had a party that weekend and put several flavors of this style of Pop Chip out and no one liked them. I have no idea what I'm going to do with all of them. I guess I'll take them to work because those people will snack on anything when it's free!
"I love ice cream, and my standards are very low when the calorie/fat count is right. Unfortunately, this is completely tasteless. I didn't mind the texture so much - it's creamy, cold, close enough to ice-cream, but it has no flavour and no sweetness. I even tried melting it a bit and adding Splenda, but it didn't help. I tried the maple flavour as well, and found it equally bad - actually, I don't think I could tell the difference between the two."
"Awesome butter and salt flavors! It tastes just like the movie theater! Next time I think I will try the 2.5 ounce version. This completely fills up the whirly popper! For 2 people, this is a little much. It stores overnight in a Ziploc bag just fine. An excellent product, that I will purchase again! Also, for those of you looking for the movie theater super buttery popcorn, you may want to purchase some additional buttery topping."
"My family has been in love with Baci's ever since we lived in Europe. When my daughters were small they coined the term ""Baci Pill"" for whenever they were hurt or not feeling well. They are a wonderful treat, after a meal with espresso or cappuccino. Pop the entire Baci in your mouth and experience the famous Perugina chocolate and then the still crunchy hazelnut center. The Italians do everything with class and this beats a Hershey's Kiss any day!"
I like the taste of the coconut but I'm tired of cleaning out the funnel of my Keurig with a paper clip. I wasted a lot of these pricey K-cups because the filter clogs up from the mushy coffee grinds. I would purchase more of this flavor but the costly waste along with the aggravation of a clogged up coffee maker is a big deterrent. This was my first attempt at the green mountain flavored coffee and now I'm afraid to try the others.
I normally do not use commercial fertilizers for my plants but houseplants seem to need this kind of nourishment. So after many years of trying to be a truly organic gardener I have succumbed to commercial fertilizer only for my houseplants. And this stuff works. My plants really perked up. I bought the one for cacti as well and have noticed a big improvement in them. Read the instructions really carefully before using the plant food and do not overdo it! More is not better!
"I tried this tea as my introduction to Rooibos. I was very excited after hearing of the benefits of rooibos. To my dissapointment I thought this tea was disgusting! Luckily, I didn't give up and tried other brands (Numi and Yogi are great) of rooibos and they were all fantastic. This tea has a stale vanilla taste that completely covers up the natural flavor of rooibos. Stay away from this tea. Plain rooibos without added flavors is perfect on it's own."
"I like most varieties of Primal Strips. They are a fantastic snack for active vegetarians (10g protein, 3g fat, 8g carbs.). The Hickory Smoked variety is very flavorful with a little bit of a spicy kick. The texture is somewhat firm, which I enjoy, but it often gets stuck between my teeth so I always need to have some dental floss handy. I would say that of all the varieties of Primal Strips, this is currently my favorite."
"Tastes really bad. A strong Chemical after taste. zero grams sugar, but still products tastes sweet -- loaded with chemicals and artifical sweetners one bite and it fills your stomach. A bloaty feeling just after a couple of bites. a definete NO-NO for any one 12 and younger. But also not recommended averse to eating food with unnaturnal ingrediants. Since Amazon does not accept return of grocery items - I had to trash the product."
"I just moved back to the USA from a country in Europe where you can actually get original French crepes, and was quite excited to find these ready-to-use crepes in my local grocery store. What a disappointment! Right off the bat, the first crepe was stuck to the plastic wrapping, so it came out of the package in shreds. The crepe is way too thin, almost to the point of being tasteless. Will not buy it again for sure."
"Nice strong and dark flavor without the bitterness. I found it taste even better with half cream than milk or soya milk, which kinda mellowed the deep flavor. I really enjoyed the coffee with two full scoop full (it is ground coffee) with a French press. The package comes a press seal and a metal wrap to seal in the freshness. Highly recommend that you keep it in the fridge once open and should use within 2 weeks. Loved it."
"A friend recommended this to me for a flight I was doing alone with my 16 month old. Boy were these a lifesaver! They're just sweet enough to keep them coming back for more, yet they take a little time to eat - especially using the top portion of the Zo-li snack dispenser. We put some Gerber Graduates Yogurt Melts in the mix too. Highly recommend if you'll be traveling with a little one on your lap."
"I was excited after reading reviews of this product to receive it and ""enjoy"" the teas as much as others said I would. I drink a lot of tea and have tasted teas that taste a lot better and was really disappointed with my purchase. The teas are not strong and really mild in flavour. If you are a tea lover and have tasted teas from Europe and Asia and enjoy the stronger blends, then pass on this item as you will be very disapointed."
"I find that even with the gain on maximum, the volume is not very loud. I use it with a Shure SM57 mic and my Macbook (using Audacity). One must be very close to the mike and speak somewhat loudly. When I use the Shure mics with a mixer (the ""analog"" way), there are no volume problems. It is simple to set up, being almost ""plug and play"". You have to choose the input source."
"I have bought many pounds of Starweest organic gunpowder green tea. In the past I found the quality and flavor to bevery good. But the past year if has lost something the rolled tea is larger (not that it should effect the taste) but it doesn't have the flavor of the green tea they sold in the past. Great bargain, the price is good for the quantity you get. But I am switching to a slightly more expensive brand."
"When I left New Orleans after the hurricane, moved to Memphis, at least I could find Blue Plate at the grocery store. I have moved to State College, PA and knew I wouldn't be able to find Blue Plate at the stores. So happy Amazon carries Blue Plate mayo. 3 things I can't live without being from New Orleans, coffee and chicory, Blue Plate mayo and Camellia beans. At least with the internet, I can find these items."
"I loved these and agree with others...all around great tasting, good gravy and healthier than the usual meat products...similar to Swedish meatballs. My only negative: they should find a more natural solution for the coloring...do they really have to use FD&C Red Dye? It's a shame they couldn't maintain their healthy agenda...I would actually take off more than one star, but two seems extreme...although the Red Dye may be enough to turn off some people, which I can fully understand!"
"I bought these dates based on the ratings. Initially, I was very pleased with the product, however, since I use them in my VitaMix, I decided to remove the pits ahead of time. Well, it's a good thing that I did because the second package of four that I opened had 4-5 dates that were literally black inside and had the odor of mold. Just be careful if you decide to order them. I threw mine out because I didn't want to take a chance."
This is a good dish just as it is but it is even better when one adds a few goodies. We typically fix it with vegetable broth rather than water. Also I sometimes add dried cranberries or chopped dried apricots. I particularly like the texture of the pilaf. This is a substantial and chewy dish. The price at Amazon is good. Sometimes we have difficulty finding this items at our local grocery stores so finding it at Amazon was a nice surprise.
The coffee is great tasting but is expensive in my book. If Nestle hadn't sent me the machine for free I wouldn't have bought it. It leaks and is not a great machine for an office. Our office doesn't like it because you have to keep going to the bathroom to refill it with water because it only holds two cups worth of water. It does make a hot cup of coffee in a very quick time though.
"I had first tried that Goya Mojo. It was good, made a killer marinade, but it wasn't my thing. Then I tried this. This is the most amazing thing I have ever put into my mouth. It made every awesome dish I made godly. If you aren't one for tangy, salty or citrusy, yeah, I'd avoid it, but I LOVE all three and this is a perfect blend! The garlic they add isn't too overpowering either, so it makes this the perfect addition to any dish."
"The PB2 is everything it said it was. When you mix the 2 tbls of pb2 with 1 tbsp of water just make sure you do not put in extra water as it is mushy and doesn't taste right. If you do it correctly it is the exact replica of real pb and taste just like it. i would definitly purchase it again from this seller as it arrived in good condition very quickly, it only took 2 days."
These are super tasty treats for days when you want something crunchy and salty. I didn't find them overly salty as some commented. They are very good and I would buy them again and again if the price were lower. I got them as a special (24 single serve bags for $14) and would buy again at that price just to keep around as snacks. Each bag is 100 cals and you actually feel like you are getting a real bag of potato chips. Yummy.
"I try to choose healthy snacks when I have the option, and I was pleased to see this brand available in a variety pack. While these fruit snacks are easy to tote around and very good for you, the taste and texture missed the mark with me. All of the flavor varieties were a bit too tough and chewy. The green apple was tart enough to make my eyes water, but the other three flavors were fairly good."
"I was hoping for good-quality hot chocolate from these K-Cups because I chose the dark chocolate variety, and dark chocolate generally equals a richer chocolate flavor. I was very disappointed by the quality of this K-Cup, as I could taste the artificial sweetener in it and the chocolate flavor was very weak. It actually made me sick to my stomach to drink this hot chocolate and I'm not even sure that my kids would drink it. I couldn't finish my first cup."
"I bought the popchips variety pack to try the different flavors and I kept an open mind but I just don't like this flavor. Their other flavors like BBQ & salt and vinegar are great, but these are REALLY peppery. I can't even taste the salt on them because the pepper is so overwhelming. Might be your bag of tea if you like a lot of pepper on food, but my husband puts pepper on everything and even he said there was too much pepper here."
"I've now bought three 2 kilo boxes of Scharffen Berger unsweetened cocoa powder and drank them all as hot cocoa, a little each morning over a long period. The first two boxes were great, but the third box was quite a bit weaker and sweeter, as if they were trying to make up for lost quality by sneaking a little sugar in. Anyway, I'm not happy with Scharffen Berger cocoa powder anymore. I'm looking for alternatives."
"Most health bars taste awful. Fiber One Bars Oats & Chocolate is not bad at all. A little chewy, but it does not crumble when you bite it while other snack bars shatters to hundreds of pieces of crumbs. This one you can enjoy even if you are in front of your computer keyboard. I like the Fiber One Granola Bars Oats & Caramel better as the chocolate tends to be a little bit too sweet. Also kinda small for my satisfaction."
"I ordered from this vendor and needed the product FAST. I paid for the expedited shipping. We got a giant snow storm in New England which delayed many deliveries. But I HAVE to say, I received my order ON-TIME!!!!! This is awesome because I am having an Ice Skating party and making Chili. I am so excited that I can now make this and it will taste delicious!! Thank you so much for insuring the timely delivery!!!!"
I bought a 3 pack of these because of the reviews and I thought.....blah.... the organic milk is kind of watered down and bland plus where's the chocolate milk flavor? For being high in calories and sugar (180 cal. 27 G of sugar) I was expecting some major chocolate flavor but not so. My suggestion is to buy a smaller pack before you buy in bulk to see if you will like it. I wanted to like them but I didn't.
I buy little powdered cider packets at the store by the hot chocolate and occasionally simmer my own hot cider. My Grove Square Caramel Apple Cider was the third K-Cup I tried (I just got my machine for Valentine's Day). I figured it should be used at a lower water setting so I went with 8. It smelled great while brewing but tasted AWFUL!!! I now have 23 K-Cups I need to find a home for.
"I'm a fan of all kinds of teas so it's easy to give them a thumbs up. The single pouches are what I use to take with me to work or camping which cuts down on space AND lets me share with others easier. Great product at home or on the go for sure. They do have strings, staples and paper tags which is why I only gave it a 4 star. Eliminate those wasteful parts and they're a five star for sure."
"This is another attempt at a sugar replacement that sadly doesn't taste like sugar at all. It is much less sweet than real sugar and actually tastes more like oranges than anything. Perhaps that's because it's mostly made from orange peel extract. If you like semi-sweet oranges, this is just the product for you. If you prefer real cane sugar, this will not cut it. I'd rather be a little less healthy and a little more happy. Pass me the sugar bowl..."
"My standard for a good cup would be Green Mountains Extra Bold Expresso which has been hard to find for around sixty cents or less a serving so I tried this brand after my friend gave me a cup at the office. My batch was a lot weaker. Not sure if the coffee content was less than my friends batch, but I ended up packing my own Expresso coffee in the K-cup which filled the bill. George S. Oceanside NY"
"Green apple flavor cough syrup. No, that isn't a compliment. It's ok, just not great. It's nowhere near as bad as other drinks I've had. The tiny container that it comes in rocks and I love the fact that I don't have to refrigerate it either. All in all, not bad. It just needs some tweaking in the taste department. I'll give a halfhearted recommendation if you need to spruce up your plain water without adding more inches to your waist."
"I tried Samu on a whim, thinking that it would taste like many of the other coconut water drinks out there (perhaps healthy, but not terribly tasty). To my surprise, Samu is FANTASTIC. It tastes fresh, has the right amount of sugar, and brings a subtle pleasantness along with it. The design is pretty cool, and my purchase supported an independent label. I highly recommend this product and am sure that I will continue to purchase it."
I picked up some of this tea at the grocery store last week. It has some grassy aftertaste that many green teas have but not as much as some brands. I was careful with water temp and how long I let it steep and it wasn't bitter. It tastes somewhat clean and fresh but I like the much less expensive Salada better and I don't have to be careful with it like I do with Stash teas.
"This is the only k-cup I have found so far that can fill a travel mug with ok coffee. Of course, no travel mug will fit under the platinum model, so I use a pyrex measuring cup, hit the LARGEST water selection and BAM! It's not great, but good enough to save me a time-consuming and expensive stop at Starbucks every morning, and that's why wifey gave me the machine for C-mas. (I figure about 6 months should be the break-even mark)"
Using Zuke's mini snack for my 6 1/2 month Siberian Husky has been fantastic. Before starting her on Obedience classes I was required to find something she really went for. I guess it was the trainer's way of making her training easier for her. This natural product has been amazing! It's chewy and savory and just right for my picky dog/pup. Except my pup prefers the beef flavor but thankfully she is now becoming a well-behaved dog.
"I won't bore you with stats about salt, the good bad or ugly. Yes, you are supposed to take it in moderation, so when you do salt your food, it should be done with this salt. It is a really high quality pure, and tasty treat. It offers a little more distinction that your Kosher Sea Salt, which is a bland NaCL. This is chock full of trace minerals that your body needs. Bottom line: good product."
"This is a very different sauce - nothing like anything you'll find in the grocery store. It's closer to the ""botique"" salsas that have recently appeared with the new ""taco restaurant"" trend. It's a little smokey. My picky 3-year old will eat a burrito with this on it. My family always had this (mild) on the table in Southern California and now that I've been transplanted in South Florida I am happy to mail-order. You can get the little single-serve pouches directly from the company, too."
"My son has been a little spoiled with homemade baby foods, but I've needed something that I can keep in the diaper bag that I don't have to worry about keeping refrigerated. I have tried every jar of baby food on the market. I got a free sample of this and tried it without much hope of it appealing to him. I was in for a great surprise, he loved it! I will definitely be getting more."
"I love this coffee and when I bought it, I also bought another brand. The price, around $20.00 was for two boxes of the other brand. I thought it was a pretty good deal although you can sometimes find it for $9.95 each at Target. When they arrived, I discovered that I had paid for only one box of Breakfast Blend - a complete rip-off. Even directly from Keurig, it's cheaper. Will never buy this again."
"I almost didn't buy this because it's canned, but I was pleasantly surprised by how good it is! I prefer a stronger cardamom flavoring than this product has in it, though, so I added a few cardamom pods and reheated the syrup on the stove. After that it was perfect to me. One word of warning: the can has a pull tab, but unless you are very strong it's difficult to remove; I recommend using your can opener and forgetting about the pull tab."
"I am in agreement with several of the users. I can buy any of these flavors for 4.99 online, at the manufactures website. Why would I pay 8.99 to 13.99 for the same. This is nothing but a customer advisory. Buy the syrups direct and save a bundle. As for the product, its a great product. Spending 99.00 on the machine means I have to drink a LOT of soda to equal 99.00 of sodas but it is more fun and a lot less waste."
"When it comes to flavors in a good cup of espresso coffee, it is all in the way how the beans are roasted. The robust flavor of this coffee should make the most desiring espresso lovers proud. And it has a little secret, which most of us Italians wouldn't admit in public, it is decaffeinated. Wow, a double whammy. I've been using this coffee for several years now and no other decaf pre-ground coffee comes close."
"If you're watching your carbs and miss egg noodles, Carba Nada is a good replacement. It isn't greatly low carb, but quite a bit less than regular pasta, so you need to watch serving sizes, but it cooks in only 5 minutes and accepts tomato and other sauces very well. The different flavours add more variety, and its also easy to toss with some butter, parmesan, and seasonings. Add leftover chicken or beef, and some vegetables, and you have a quick easy meal for less carbs."
I came to amazon looking for info on whether this product was true vanilla because I put 1/2 teaspoon in 1 cup of coffee and could not taste it at all. I wanted to see if I had a counterfeit product. Closer inspection shows that it is clearly listed as being a blend when you read the ingredients. The flavor is weak and flat. I strongly recommend trying real vanilla extract. Kirkland has a great product.
"We purchased a variety of Turkish Delight for a ""Chronicles of Narnia"" party. In the book and movie, Edmond is temped by the White Witch with this traditional dessert. It was fun sharing it with the guests. Most people had never tried it (us included)! My son enjoyed it the most. It is a acquired taste. I think the guests liked being able to try something completely different. My son has asked for more (not unlike Edmond!!!)"
"I tried out this cereal for the first time in many many years, having eaten it growing up. I was surprised to find out that there is no apple flavor what so ever. It tastes just like a sweetened cereal, maybe a little bit of cinnamon but nothing more. While it was ok, it just didnt hit the spot. I would not purchase this cereal again, just doesn't have the apple flavor I was hoping for."
"Wish I would have read the reviews that discuss the product's performance in hot air poppers. The PC is very tasty and light with no residual kernel shells that get stuck in your teeth...4 stars. Problem with using it in hot air poppers is that the kernels are too light and fly out of the machine before they pop. Tilting the machine helps keep them inside, but it would be simpler just to find another larger kernel corn."
"The idea was on the right track, but it look my thirty pound dog about a minute to dislodge the ""everlasting"" treat (which took him about ten minutes to consume). He's not a power chewer either. The pockets, inside the treat ball, made my financial loss a little more bearable - the ball itself will be useful. Pros: Won't have to buy the everlasting treats every so often. Cons: Will have to find something else to occupy him."
"I bought this item as a Valentine's Day present for my mother, whose favorite candy is Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. Today the package arrived and upon tasting it, I discovered it tastes nothing like the candy. Now I'm stuck with a case of this stuff when Jiff is tons better. Bottom line is if you are buying this because you think it'll taste like Reese's, don't. It's average peanut butter with the Reese's name stamped on it. No wonder why they don't sell it in stores."
My dog was getting one of these sweet potato chicken treats a day. She began almost immediately having irregular bowel movements and going for days without defecating. Then she began drinking a lot of water and eating grass like crazy. This morning she threw up. Same symptoms as the other dogs who have had renal failure form the Kingdom Pets Premium Dog Treats. I have thrown out the bag and hope I have caught this in time.
"This coffee touts itself as being ""bold"" and I would agree the flavor is rich and strong, but the coffee is also smooth and doesn't require cream to tone down the acidity - as Starbucks coffees often do. My favorite Starbucks variety. I'm not a huge fan of Starbucks, feeling that their coffees tend to be too acid or bitter. But this one's a winner. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes a dark roast coffee."
Made in China! Food quality and growing conditions concern me. Packages are full of small broken pieces. Couldn't tell how many of each fruit were in the 12 count variety box. Thought there'd be 4 of each flavor...Only 2 pears and 2 strawberries - rest were apples. Taste is very good but never would have bought if I'd known the origin. Not sure where packaging failed but broken tiny pieces aren't what my 1-year old grandson wants. USA doesn't have fruit??? Won't buy again.
"I love having this as a snack option in my house. It goes fast so having it in bulk helps. I love the Amazon price and with the Subscribe and Save I have even more savings (love you Amazon). It makes for a no mess option for my 19 month old grandaughter, unless she squeezes it all over, but when she does that she really isn't hungry because when she is hungry, she sucks this down and no mess at all."
"I love potato chips and when I go at it I always eat more than I should. A whole bag of chips can be more than 1000 calories and 80 grams of fat. Pop chips are a partial solution. They are very tasty, crunchy and satisfy my chip urge. A whole bag of chips (3 servings) is 360 calories and 12 grams of fat. These chips are not fried but they taste very good. Try em."
I like all the flavors except chocolate. I don't understand why you need a chocolate flavor when there's chocolate inside every one. Isn't that enough chocolate? it's like having an eclair with cream flavored frosting. I save them and try to give them away to my kids friends. They don't want the chocolate either. Maybe they should consider retiring the chocolate pops. I like blow pops better except for the wrapper which is next to impossible to get off blow pops.
"If you are searching for a replacement for Starbucks coffee discs, keep going. These discs produce a very weak cup of coffee, possibly because they put in enough coffee for 8oz but this makes 12oz. I brewed/tasted two cups and threw out the remaining discs. That said, not everyone one likes Starbucks coffee. This may work for you if, like my mother-in-law, you think all Starbucks coffee smells like wet goat and prefer Maxwell House or Folgers."
"I am pleased with this vendor, for when I ordered the coffee, it was reported that it would take several days for it to reach me, being that it originates outside of the U.S. It arrived 3 days sooner than the earliest reported time for arrival! The coffee was fresh and I enjoyed every last bit of it. It was very subtle, no bitterness whatsoever, and I would/ will buy it again. Though I will try other vendors to compare it to."
"I was skeptical that something without corn syrup or artificial ingredients could taste as strong as The Switch Watermelon Strawberry drink did. However, this product is very sweet. My first gulp reminded me of those purple grape sodas I used to drink as a kid. Since I like fruity candy, I liked this drink. But, I'm not so sure it's worth the calories. It's basically fruit juice and carbonated water, but calorie-wise, it's like drinking a Coke."
"I have purchased many different flavors of the Coffee Masters ground coffee. They are the best I have ever found. Also discovered that they make a really awesome iced coffee on a hot day. I just make a pot, let it cool and put it in the fridge. Just throw some ice in a glass and add sugar and cream to taste. Everyone has a favorite flavor and that is just a matter of personal preference."
"I was a Red Bull drinker, coffee drinker and whatever else I could get my hands on to give me the energy I so desperately needed to get through some days. Someone suggested i try this 5 hour energy and WOW! It really did work without the ""drop"" afterwards. I have noticed that when I take more than 3 a week I start to build up a resistance and they don't work quite as well.... but hey! That's what happens when you drink caffein too, right?"
"As I had been alerted that just several chew sticks can pack more calories than a regular meal, Zoe's Low Calorie Chew Sticks come in handy when I want to treat the doggies to a snack. I can actually stop feeling guilty about their collective calorie count(s), thanks to this product! I recommend them! I rate ""Zoe Low Calorie 6.6-Ounce Chew Sticks, Large""...Four stars! P.S., The doggies really do like them! Try them for your doggies!"
"This soda is all natural unlike many others that have artificial flavoring and sweeteners. That, in itself, makes it ok in my book. The key takeaways from tasting this is that 1. It actually taste like a soda pop and not just juice with carbonation in it. 2. It's as sweet as artificial sodas without the artificial sweeteners. Since it's all natural I guess that's alright. 3. You can taste the grape juice in the mix. It's as powerful as the black cherry flavor."
These jerky packs are great. They actually do fill you up or at least stop the grum bellies. I stay away from all the products that are just different ways of eating sugar and corn syrup. I have a boy with ADD and I don't have him on drugs so it is very nice to have a great tasting and filling snack that isn't just sugar with flavoring. Since sugar and corn syrup are major contributors to that condition. Keep up the good work Jack Link.
"Unlike the other rater, I found the product to be VERY fresh and tasty. In a trail mix, I personally prefer more selections of dried fruit, but this was a good blend. Unfortunately, when I went to re-order the item, I was shocked that it had nearly doubled in price! I will not pay the doubled price, but if the cost ever comes back down to where it was when I made my original purchase, the company will have a regular customer.T"
This cereal is just ok. It is good if you want a very low sugar cereal but the pellets are so tiny. It has a slightly nutty flavor but at the same time it is pretty bland (low sugar). If you want no sweetness at all in your cereal you will like this. It tastes a little bit like grape nuts but not as dense. The way I eat it is mix it with other cereals to give an extra crunch.
"Yuck! This has to be one of the worst tasting teas ever. I actually really like the other Stash Tea flavors so I'm surprised this one tastes pretty disgusting. It tastes like benadryl or something. It definitely doesn't taste like vanilla or chai. I don't know why it even tastes the way it tastes. I even sweetened my tea with molasses to sweeten it, and it didn't even mask the taste very well. Word of advice try any other tea flavors from Stash but this."
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"If you are just looking for a tea, the flavor is nice, but each bag contains only 20mg of kavalactones, which makes this a very economically unsound source of kavalactones, the stress-relieving chemicals in kava. I have tried this using 4 bags, and the effect was negligible. You may have better luck with this product than I did, but just don't have high hopes of the effect being akin to that of traditionally prepared kava or quality kava extract like Gaia kava."
"The ingredients are pretty impressive, but I am not sold. First off, the packaging of this is very wasteful, 3/4 of the container is empty..making you feel totally ripped off! My 7 year old wont drink without being mixed with some sort of milk, which you really have to blend because the powder doesnt dissolve well. A well balanced, largely plant based diet is really the best route to go in the long run. The quantity and price of this product is a joke."
this product does only get 3 stars from me a bit over priced and not any better than other less priced coffee not that the coffee is bad its not but i would expect more from starbucks does not have that starbucks flavor some thing is lacking with this coffee im not sure if i would buy it again starbucks needs to lower the price a bit on this coffee and go back to the drawing board and try and inprove it
"Snapea crisps are a fun and delicious snack for me. My only complaint is that they are not exactly gluten free, there is a chance that there could be cross contamination. So I take a risk every time I eat them. But other than that, they are a tasty, crispy and crunchy snack. (I don't really like peas but when I tried these I really liked them!) So grab yourself a bag of original snapea crisps today and you'll be hooked!"
Yes! It is not like a home baked old fashion cookie but a cookie that is good and satisfies that need for a sweet. It is a little crumbly. YES it is A great wheat free and gluten free cookie but Each cookie has 130 calories and 70 fat calories out of the 130. Not a diet cookie; with 5g of sugar. I highly recommend this cookie for all people who need A great wheat free and gluten free cookie.
"so, I love the other dried fruit organic products that Newmans makes so I thought I would love these. The first order was ROTTEN it was so gross. So I figured order it again Amazon was very nice and agreed to ship it to me for free and replace the first box - The second box is ROTTEN too and now I have to drive to purchase organic dried apricots-Amazon refunded my order amount but they were so gross to begin with..."
"Which is kinda odd to me. The taste isn't all that spectacular, nor is it so hot that I can't finish it with out something to drink near by. It is nice to have when its really cold out though, but any hot liquid can say the same thing. My coworker really liked it, as it made her cry from the spices. I'll buy her some when it goes on sale again. Wish it weren't so nutritionally bad for you."
"My cat loves this food, but this particular flavor, beef and salmon, is a bit strong when it comes to the smell. I had to wash my hands more than once to get the smell entirely off. Now the problem is that my cat reeks of fish, she smells like a walking tuna sandwich. If you're okay with that, by all means get it, but I'm going to avoid this one in the future because I can't stand her smelling like this all the time."
"Emeril's Big Easy Bold blend coffee is a full bodied good cup of coffee you will enjoy every morning. I can't wake up until I have the first, then the second cup, and then let the day begin. If you like a stronger cup of coffee without an acid or bitter taste, this one's for you. I prefer cream and sugar in mine and feel it stands up to the taste of any coffee house selection."
"So, I'm trying to be a responsible parent. I buy these and give my kids the ""It's these or nothing- no more pop-tarts"" speech. Result- my kids eat a lot more cereal. Even my 2 year old, who eats anything, won't eat them. Personally, I think they're pretty good toasted, not so hot (pun!) un-toasted. I took 5 boxes to work, and the opinions were universally the same. So, if your satisfaction in eating somewhat healthier outweighs your taste buds, have at 'em!"
I would have given this coffee 5 stars if it had been a little darker roast which I prefer. It seems to be a medium bodied coffee with a lovely flavor profile. Very smooth & delicious even when brewing it stronger than suggested. I use a French press and wound up using about a tablespoon more grounds than I would normally use with a French roast coffee. Highly recommend it! Very important to buy only Equal Exchange Coffee. Look it up.
"I have been on a high protein, low carb diet called Medifast for several months and the Laughing Cow cheese wedges have been a life saver. Swiss is my favorite flavor because I can dip both the sweet and savory Medifast pretzels in them. I have also melted them down to pour over grilled chicken. Amazing product for very little calories and little to no carbs. However, this price is quite high in contrast with typical retail prices."
"I live in a rural area, where the local grocery store does not carry bulgar or even parsley (most of the time the lemons are iffy too). The mix is not as good as fresh tabouli, primarily due to the texture of the parsley. When I made it with some fresh parsley mixed in, it was much better. You can't beat the convenience factor though, 5 minutes of work and a couple of hours refrigeration is all it takes."
"I ordered these chips by accident. I meant to order ""with added salt."" I know, not a healthy choice but hey, I love salt! So, I ended up with a whole case of these unsalted chips. My wife said, hey these aren't salted! She was pleased. She worries about my diet. So, I had some chips. They're delicious! Good crunch. Very fresh corn flavor. Excellent with salsa. Sometimes a guy has to be wrong to do right!"
"I can taste the sugar substitute in this quite strongly, but not enough to disgust me. I've tasted better, but seeing as it's not made by a barista and only takes 5 seconds to produce, I'd say it's not bad. I was able to drink the whole cup, and that's good enough for me. However, if the fake sugar makes you sick, I'd stay away from this. Let's just say it's not organic or homemade, which it's not claiming to be."
"I bought a bottle of concentrate from Lowe's and diluted it according to instructions to spot-kill dandelions. I can see that it kills them, but it is a slow death; before dying, they have time to produce more flowers, which go to seed unless I pick them right away. So what is the point? If I miss one seedhead, that is enough to ""replenish"" my lawn with dandelions! There has to be a better way, or a better product!"
When I ordered it I was so excited to get it and cook recipes with ham flavor bits.When I got it and checked the ingredients it has hydrogenated oils which means trans fat. I'm so disappointed. How something called healthy food good for vegetarians can has trans fat???!!!! I didn't even wasted my time in returning it because they will only refund the 3.19 but not the shipping cost 7.44 so what a waste of time and money!
"This is an easy to use product. Tear off a part of the carton, place it in the refrigerator/freezer, replace once a month or so. End result? It helps to absorb sometimes unpleasant smells from the refrigerator/freezer. Arm & Hammer has been around for a long time; I have used various products over the years and have been pretty satisfied. A miracle product? No. By itself, this isn't going to erase kitchen smells. But it does help, and for that I am grateful."
"Big Starbucks fan, VIA fan, but this Christmas Blend VIA isn't very good for me. Now, I'm not one of those super strong coffee people, but this is also a little bitter in my opinion. I will say that if you use about 16 oz. and some milk and some vanilla, it's okay. I see now why they were having a sale on it at Starbucks. I'd got with the Caramel VIA instead, that's the bomb, as is the Vanilla."
For the conditioner: This smells really nice and my hair is shiny and soft. As for is it is helping my damaged scalp? I don't think anyone would really be able to tell. I trust the scientific formula the smart guys put in it that it will actually make my scalp healthier. I do really like the scent and how soft and feathery my hair is after using this repeatedly. I also have the shampoo and I used them together for 1 month straight.
"I bought these originally thinking they were honey and sesame. As it turns out, they are sugar and sesame. They do taste great but traditionally this type of snack should have honey instead of sugar. If you are looking for a honey and sesame snack, there are others available through Amazon that contain honey instead of sugar, among those are [Joyva Sesame Crunch Candy]. If you are looking for a sugar alternative snack that is all natural, that is your best bet."
"I know it's the off time for smoked turkeys and the such but it didn't deter us from trying this 6-8 lb smokehouse bird. Old tom came packed correctly and cryo wrapped. It is tender, easy to carve and cooked all the way through. It took us maybe 30 minutes to carve the bird and stack the meat up high. A complete bird ready to go without the fuss. Order with confidence and expect it to be shipped within a reasonable amount of time. Gobble gobble."
"This matcha may not really jump out at you compared to some of the other divine sounding flavors Red Leaf offers, but it is not one to be overlooked! The nutty flavor is so good and really strong, it permeates the whole cup and you'd swear there were ground up Macadamia nuts in this latte! It's rich, creamy, and just divine. The flavoring is spot-on, super natural tasting and not at all artificial. One of their best!"
"My husband and I do not usually eat packaged food, but we did need something for those evenings we were too tired to cook. With my husband being gluten intolerant, we found no quick meals at any nearby markets. When I saw the gluten free mac and cheese, I was really pleased. I ordered a package, and found it had real cheese. When we first ate it, we were pleased with the taste and quality. We will continue to buy it"
"I have tried other Torani syrups, french vanilla, vanilla, vanilla bean, hazlenut...all of which I liked. This caramel syrup has a strong, chemically aftertaste and smell which can be somewhat diminished if you put it in REALLY strong coffee but even then lingers on very unpleasantly. Amazon was great they sent me out another 3-pack to see if it was just that batch.....Nope. It's definitely something off with this flavor. They refunded my money. I will continue to buy Torani, but not this caramel flavor."
"This cereal is not so sugar-blasted as many kids' cereals are, but it has a nice level of sweetness, with a few sugar crystals on the outside of each piece of cereal, and the cinnamon flavor is also nice. It's a pretty good cereal, I enjoyed it as a kid and still enjoy it as an adult. It has a decent shelf life in milk, staying crunchy for a while and even after getting soaked, it still has a bit of firmness around it."
"FYI to potential buyers -- This is the Del Monte brand (as titled), not the Dole brand (as pictured). Just pointing this out since some buyers might be looking for the healthier option with fruit stored in 100% fruit juice (as pictured). This is NOT that product. I confirmed this with the seller. Their response is below: ""this product is as titled Del Monte cherry mixed fruit cups"" (sic) The seller needs to update the product image."
"I love all rooibos tea as a decaf wind-down in the evenings (incidentally I've heard South Africans pronounce it closer to roy-bos with a long O). I started out with the Bigelow Asian Pear Rooibos and loved it but thought I would take one for the team and try this one too. To my taste, this is less sweet, less woody and more earthly - I prefer the Bigelow but this might be a better choice for black tea drinkers."
"As a dabbler who enjoys spanning the entire spectrum of taste, I am more than willing to try anything once. Both as a food aficionado and a lover of bacon, I just had to pick this up. One taste caused me to throw out my sandwich, and subsequently throw out the entire jar of unused mayonnaise. I would give this less than 1 star, if I could. Steer clear from this unless you're a major tool who has no sensibility past buying bacon-everything."
"I looked long and hard for a good ""natural"" product with no grains or crap in it and the Zuke's were the best I've found that were not incredibly expensive. The small size is perfect for obedience training with my dog and none of the flavors I've found leave any mess in my pockets. Treats do not have to be large or impressive to be effective. The smaller the better, I say. My dog and I both really like these."
"My dog was on a bland diet (boiled chicken & rice) so his poop was usually solid but a few days after eating 1 it a day, his poop became more liquid-y and green. Not sure if It was actually the cause until I goggled and read on various dog forums about how It have affected other dogs. Stopped giving out my dog It and have thrown them away. Beware; it can be bad, so watch your dog after giving them out."
"Totally do not like the flavor of this coffee on it's own. It smells great when you first puncture the k-cup, but then it's all down hill from there. It's fruity, no nuttiness at all, with a strange aftertaste, and kind of weak on a 6oz brew. It works fine with a cocoa for a mocha, but not good at all by itself. This is coming from someone who likes the ""Dark Magic"" and ""Double Black Diamond"" k-cups."
"I have been drinking Community coffee for twenty years. I love this coffee since I can brew it to ""can take the paint off walls"" strength that I prefer and it's not too acidic or woody. Since we had to leave Louisiana because of that witch Katrina, finding Community coffee isn't a problem in Houston, it's the price. Thank God for Amazon! It's cheaper than the grocery stores in NOLA. And, if you sign up for subscribe and save, it's even cheaper! Take that, Starbucks!"
"I am dissapointed!! When I bought this product I thought I was buying the real Acai Tea. But when I read ingredients it occured that Acai is the only one of the ingredients from a lot of others. So I blamed myself because I had to read those ingredients before I bought this Tea. I was fooled because the tea is named as ""Acai Tea"" so I thought it really was Acai. I reccomend everybody to read ingredients carefully before buying the product."
"Well, my kid who isn't gluten free likes them, and my kid who is won't touch them. I cook and bake most of what we eat, so desserts are very homemade and natural in their flavor. These are really, really artificial-lemon flavored....they remind me of my dish soap every time I try one. I really don't like the flavor, but the texture is nice. I'm a little dizzied that I have so many boxes of something I don't care for... it was worth a try, though."
"None of three bags of walnut is fresh. When I opened the bag, unpleasant odor came out. I opened three all, none of them was edible. It contains strong, out-of-dated smell. I could not find the expiration date on the bag. This produce totally wastes of money. Keep away from this product. I would choose 0 star if I could. This is the worst experience I ever have in Amazon. I got to throw all of them away!"
"I was so very disappointed when these dates came in. They were the worst dates I have ever had--hard as a rock. I was shocked and in disbelief. The dates came from Hadley, which I thought was a reputable company. I would think they would be ashamed to send out such a poor product. Boy, was I ever wrong. I will NOT order these ever again. Please heed this review when ordering dates and buy them elsewhere."
"As the first review for trying out a Vine product, this one had considerably more success with my dog than I anticipated. It's not her absolute favorite, but she does seem to enjoy them and eat them (most of the time) when we give them to her. It also never hurts that it's a useful cleaning device for our dog too. Our dog is a German Sheperd/Retriever/Labrador mix and she is a year and 8 months old."
Harmony House is a family owned company. Founded and based in North Carolina. 1 800 696 1395 -- A quality company. Their fruit is freeze dried and the vegs are dehydrated. The mixed green/red peppers are wonderful. You can use them in ANYTHING! The peppers are very hard to find. I used to buy mine from JUST TOMATOES but they quit making them. A GREAT PRODUCT ! It is a little pricey- with the $7.95 shipping. bbp okc 63 rtired
"The coffee beans were great. The chocolate that coats them could have been more flavorful. I had the same product from a different manufacturer that I bought at a local store and the chocolate was stronger, made a nicer mix for the bitterness of the bean. I bought this pound bag for work, because I wanted my team to ""speed up"". Productivity increased in only one day. We made more money at work for days after we opened the bag."
"Finally a gluten free mix that tastes great! I have used this mix over and over and I have never been disappointed. It works just the way the regular mix works and it has opened up a whole new world for me. I thought I would never be able to find a mix that I like, but this one I love. I am excited about trying all the fun things I can do with it. Even cookies!"
"My vet gave me this tip. I have had two cats with digestion problems, problems that they liked to make mine! My vet suggested 1/2 jar for a 10 lb or larger cat, 1/4 jar for a less than 10 lb cat...per day or every other day. For some reason this settles their stomachs. And they stopped purging on my carpet or my down comforter! They think it is a kitty treat. I think it is a miracle."
"I bought these pods because they were rated the highest quality to use with the Senseo. The pods do work great,with the 2 pod holder. You need to finely grind the coffee. I did find the lid hard to close. I bought another brand that cost less to compare. The lesser expensive ones worked just as well and were easier to close. If you want good pod coffee with the foam,these work well,and you won't loose the lid."
The other oysters from this company are raised in South Korea but these are from China! Do not buy them! And you can't return them even still in the bag they were shipped in. It looks like the trash can will be having oysters for dinner. I should have known when the descriptin didn't say anything that they were hiding something. The other oyster products from this company proudly say South Korea as the place of origin.
"I have used Melitta pots for around 30 years. I have always had the plastic filter cone with the clear glass pot. The coffee always ran freely from the cone to the pot. I tried this pot because I thought it was an upgrade. I had a lot of difficulty getting the coffee to flow. The pot is visually beautiful, but I plan to send it back and go back to the pot I was using before."
"I must say I am totally enthralled with these candies. I originally purchased the ""plain"" tamarindo strips as well as these and found that these were not only fresher, but they had a distinct spicy bite to them that made them more enjoyable and tasty than the regular tamarindo strips. Additionally, these didn't have the annoying corn-starch covering that is found on the plain candy, that is replaced instead with a nice layer of delicious chili powder!"
"I have used this product in my weight loss shakes for the past year. True- I use it in conjunction with Fat Free Sugar Free Pistachio pudding mix, but even so, I am quite happy with the way it tastes. I have found no other Extract so far that comes close.When I am out of it and just use the pudding with my vanilla shake base, it is just not as good. So, I will continue to buy and use as a satisfied customer."
"This sounded like it would be wonderful. But it is definitely not to my taste at all. I will be giving it away. Not only did I not end up liking the flavor, I had a slight allergic reaction to something in it. My advice, read the ingredient list very carefully before you buy. I am betting there are many who will love it and find it delicious -- it just didn't work for me."
"My daughter will eat just about any flavor from earths best, incl. Fruits, vegetables and soups. But for some reason she won't eat this one. The consistency is thicker and chunkier than the others. At first I thought it was because she wasn't ready for stage 3. But now that she is 10 months old and is used to eating thicker soups and other foods, she still refuses this one. It tastes fine to me, go figure"
"We are pretty happy with these product. the dog doesn;t have nearly as much gas as she did on other KIbble diet. The only thing that was better was a completely RAW diet, but with that you never know if the product you have purcahsed is the freshes it can be, and the pet suffers for that. where as the ZIWIPeak stay fresh for at lest 30 days after you open it and longer if you serve from the freezer."
"So my husband and I have been receiving Zico water with mango for several months, with subscribe and save. This month both cases taste HORRIBLE. Expiration date is in just a few months. In the past they were over a year away. Also the cases were different in color. Tasted no hint of mango, but cannot drink this batch. What is up with that? We love this stuff and have come to depend on it for after exercise."
"I love Larabars, and have about 1 a day during the week - so much so, that I have been ordering them in bulk to save a few bucks. I very much like the spiciness of the Ginger Snap flavor, and is probably my 4th favorite flavor (after the brownie, bluberry muffin and pecan pie). Unfortunately, the latest bars I received were moldy, and they don't expire for months. This item is not eligible for return, which is unfortunate. $25 into the compost....what a waste!"
"I have tried almost every kind of ""fake meat"" product out there. While I really like the Morning Stars and the Boca ""ground meat"" you can't really make them into anything. This product was great. Soak it for 15 minutes in water, and viola you have a really good ground meat you can make something out of, The only problem is that it tends to be a little saly for my taste, so be carefull when you are seasoning it."
"I bought two of these for corporate Christmas gifts and though everyone loved the world famous jelly beans, I was disappointed at the thin basket and rather ""small"" look to it. I also bought the larger rectangular box of Jelly Bellies (reminded me of the size of a Monopoly game box) and added it to the basket to make it look more substantial. I think next year I will just get more of the box jelly beans."
"This Roland Sushi Ginger is my husband's favorite by far. I also think it tastes the best. It has just the right balance of ginger flavor and sweet and sour. We have tried two other brands and have found them wanting. One was waaay too salty. The other just didn't have enough of a ginger taste. We are patiently waiting for Amazon to return this brand to stock. I hope we don't have to wait too much longer. PLEASE, PLEASE bring it back."
"I should have known that ordering Golden French Toast before its release date was too good to be true. Either this seller sold me very old boxes or it was regular coffee that was packaged to look like Golden French Toast. The label was a shade of orange. When I bought a ""real"" box from a local coffee supplier, the label was more maroon in color. When it's brewing it smells like really strong regular coffee....NOT french toast!!! My husband and I were VERY DISAPPOINTED!"
The Cocoa wasn't too bad. The taste is ok and as good as other hot chocolate mixes. I was disappointed though when I went to a local store and saw it for less than what I paid just for shipping. I really thought I was getting a good deal until I went home and checked the ticket. I just paid three times as much for a box of hot chocolate to be delivered to my house! SO DISAPPPOINTED!!:(
"I work in Africa, and you won't find Coffee-mate in any stores. To be able to order this have it mailed to me is great! It doesn't require refrigeration so it is still good after travelling halfway around the globe. The only problem is out of the 200 packs in the box, about 20% of the packs had leakages. When I received the box, I didn't even have to open it to know what's inside because the whole outer box smell like french vanilla :)"
"This is really good coffee. Good enough to make me buy a burr grinder to grind it to the fineness I like without having to hawk watch the old bladed one. I've always liked peaberry, generally speaking and this one is a really, really nice peaberry. Full flavor, low acid, smooth. Kinda luscious actually. The only reason I didn't go to five stars is that I have had a better peaberry but it was nowhere near this price. I hope this price stays where it is."
"The only other olive oil I can compare this to is ""Filippo Berio"" from the supermarket. I did a smell and taste test comparing these two oils. The supermarket stuff smelled awful and nothing like olives, while the Zoe had a nice olive scent to it. The supermarket stuff tasted nothing like olives while the Zoe did. Not a great comparison, but definitely a good buy if you can get it on sale or with coupons."
I was just introduced to these olives on a United flight this week. Probably the best tasting green olives I have ever had (I usually never eat green olives). I was so happy with them I purchased two snack pack boxes with the Olove packs on my return flight to share with my wife and kids. I'm thrilled I am able to purchase these on amazon and really suggest them to anyone looking for a great snack.
"As a pet enthusiast, I appreciate when a manufacturer cares about the animal and not just the profits. First Mate has their own factory and sources their products from North America. They formulate their food to be holistic, basically, what the dog needs and nothing else. Their food is balanced and not trendy like many of the high protein diets. Best of all...my dogs eat it! I cannot tell you how many times I have purchased high end foods that my dogs won't go near."
I should have known better than to take a chance on a new cat food bought over the internet. Sophie (my cat)just gobbles up every bit of sauce and leaves all the chicken in the bowl. When I tried to cut up or mash the chicken I realized just how dry and tough it is and don't much blame her for not wanting to deal with it. You just never know if a cat is going to like something or not.
"Conveniently single cup packaging, perfect for traveling, smells great when you unseal the foil packet. Unfortunately, that's about it for the positives. The down side is that the packaging is appropriate for 'pod' brewing only and ends up brewing a pretty weak cup of coffee at that (maybe I'm biased, since I tend to brew Gevalia Dark Roast at about 7-8 scoops per 12 cup pot). I think that, at best, this is an average cup of coffee. P-)"
"I've been a fan of Pasta Roni for years. It's a quick, tasty meal when you don't want to prepare something from scratch. I like it so much that I usually don't like to share it with anyone else! Unfortunately, stores in my area stopped stocking this flavor long ago, and judging by the way the price has gone up here, I'm assuming that it's been discontinued. It's a shame, as the Shells with White Cheddar is a poor substitute."
"I have mixed feelings and so does my calico cat, Scooter,about Hill's Science Diet Mature Beef Entree. Scooter is 8.5 years old. So I thought she'd love it. Guess not. She rejected it the ""gourmet"" cat food after the second day. With her head held high, she walked away! To get her to eat it, I had to put dry cat food on it or give her a wet pouch of morsels. So I recommend it, but be creative."
"I love fresh squeezed grapefruit juice. Most grapefruit drinks just don't taste like the real thing. I saw a 6-pack of San Pellegrino Pompelmo at the local Fresh Market and thought I'd give it a try. After having several cans, I have to say it is terrific. It is made with 16% grapefruit juice and, unlike most other grapefruit drinks, has a genuine grapefruit flavor. If you like their Limonata and also like grapefruit juice, I think you will enjoy this."
"They showed up in a massive plastic bag, looking coated with white from age. My son who devoures all my sugarfree chocolate, won't touch these. Use to spit them out, now he won't even take one. I try to force them down to get my money's worth but I hate them too. Also they hurt my stomach much more than any other chocolate that has malitol. The other YC products are good, this one is a fail."
"Like other reviewers have mentioned, this does taste very coffee-like, which is funny because it's a caffeine-free beverage. I discovered this when I read Japanese Women Don't Get Old or Fat. I went to a Japanese grocery store and bought a box and I took to it immediately. I plop two bags in a pitcher of cold water and, voila! Though at the others posters' recommendations, I may try doing it with both filtered water and a dash of honey next!"
"Terrible shipping from this seller. Food came unboxed , bags ripped. But thats not why I am rating it a one star. The food made my dog throw up , and caused diarrhea. 3 Vet visits because we couldn't figure out what was wrong. When I changed the food to Royal , within 2-3 days my german shepherd was feeling much better. Would not recommend. I now have one full bag, and 3/4 of another bag sitting in my kitchen as dead weight."
"The cup broke. And the ""best sell"" date is only in 2 months. When I got the box, one cup broke and the apple sauce is everywhere in the big box. More than that, the ""best sell before"" date is in May this year, only 2 months later. And I bought 72 cups for my daughter. The worst thing is, when I clicked ""Return"", it says this item can NOT be returned. Amazon, let me know what you want to do!!!"
"I go through a lot of matcha, and I've tried a lot of different kinds. No, this is not tea ceremony quality tea powder, but it is bright green and tastes great. It's a far cry from the brown matcha that the super-cheap stuff often is. It's even significantly better than cooking-grade matcha. This is great tea for in just about anything or alone in water, and cheap enough to make it inexpensive for daily use. Came properly sealed in a foil bag."
"I thought that these treats might be a little too small for my basset hound mix, but she loves them! They smell ridiculously strong which is a good thing since my dog knows she's getting a treat whenever I open the bag. I'm planning to try all the other flavors from this company! I tried them with a 3 mo beagle puppy and an adult German shepherd and they adored these too so I know they're great for all sizes."
"i purchased a mixed pack and was pleased with the product,until i opened one of the banana w acai packets.i smelled something pretty strong and discovered the odor was from the product in the bag.it was,spoiled,something was going on. i e-mailed funky monkey,to try and find out if their was a problem with this combo- flavor,never even heard back from them.they can keep their product as far as i'm concerned,because they certainly dont care.<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00142I7BM"">Funky Monkey Snacks Variety Pack, Freeze-Dried Fruit, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12)</a>"
"I have one cup a day and it really decreases my night sweats. I'm in amazement at how much it helps! The taste isn't great, but I don't think it's as bad as some other reviews have said. If you're concerned about the taste, you can use some sage from your spice cabinet and make a cup. It tastes pretty much the same, but it didn't seem cost effective to use the sage you buy in the spice aisle."
"Unfortunately, Good Earth now contains artificial flavoring - it is confirmed on the box in front of me and on their website - [...] I am hoping that if many consumers raise their voices, we can have them go back to using original flavors - their Facebook site is at [...]and they can be called at 1-888-625-8227 Mon - Fri: 8:00AM - 8:00PM EST I LOVE Good Earth Tea - lets keep it good by having them stop including artificial flavoring"
"I got this stuff for our Cuisinart fondue pot. This stuff is idiot-proof to make... I have no kitchen skills and I made some kick butt fondue. Melted real quick, evenly, and it tasted even better. No need to add anything to the chocolate like oil or anything. Only bad thing is I wish the bag had a resealable zipper because 32oz. is way too big for me. Great product overall and I will by it again."
"I just opened the packets of lure, put the lure in the trap and turned around to choose a spot for it, when out of the closet fluttered three little moths right at me following the lure to the other side of the room! I had already brushed, washed and dry-cleaned everything, dusting and vacuuming and removing the vacuum bag, and here these little guys still are. Maybe this will be a five star review when the traps are full...too soon to tell."
"Miracle Whip is hands down the best spread to use in sandwiches. Period. My complaint is with the packaging. They put regular Miracle Whip in a squeeze bottle. It is too thick. Therefore, it is always difficult to get it all out of the bottle. I have to water it down, just a bit. It takes away from the convenience of having a squeeze bottle in the first place, if I have to dilute it and mess with it any way. 3.5 stars"
"This caciocavallo cheese is richly flavored and delicious. I like that when it melts, it holds together. I do especially like it for melting purposes and not cold because it brings out the flavor in the cheese and whatever you are melting it onto. I am very happy with it -- sad I could not find it in the large cheese department at Fairway or Whole Foods so I guess I'll have to keep ordering it this way, which IS rather expensive."
"I noticed that some people said that eating one was enough, but that's probably because of the taste. I've tried two other flavors of it before, one was chocolate, and I never liked them at all. I don't understand why some people say that it tastes like a candy bar, it looks really pretty, but then when you actually it bite into, it's terrible, b/c it's all mushy inside. Maybe buy one to try it, but don't buy in bulk unless you're sure you like it"
"As a Native American who is from Seattle, I was excited to try this well-reviewed product. It is a great disappointment. There were about 3 ounces of liquid as part of the weight for which we paid so dearly. The flavor was watery and fishy with a faintly salty hint of smokiness. Did I receive a bad batch? Whatever shall we do with the additional unopened package? It was intended as a gift... Maybe I will give it to the cats for Christmas."
"I love hot chocolate and am always trying new ones, but this was the absolute worst cherry hot chocolate I have ever tasted!! I was hoping it would be good so I bought 2 cans. After 1 cup, I threw both cans away. If you want a really great cherry hot chocolate, add 3-4 teaspoons of the cherry juice from a jar of maraschino cherries to your favorite milk hot chocolate. YUM!!! Add more if you use dark hot chocolate."
"These k-cups are certainly bold and strong, but the finish is flat and thin. It's lacking in overtones after the inital dark wave. I just started exploring k-cups since my machine arrived last week. Initially I was surprised how watery the house blends are. I wanted something dark and rich in texture. But so far, I'd rather drink Tully's French Roast extra bold k-cups which is just about as strong as Dark Magic but with a wider spectrum and better finish."
"These are flexible but also sturdy. I liked it so much in using to freeze portions of baby food, I picked up another. It is great to make your portions and then throw this in the freezer. Once frozen I pop out the portions with ease and bag them for later use. If there is anything you need to freeze (such as portions of stock, or soup) these are perfect for that. A great multi-use product."
"In this cereal, there are muligrain flakes, pecans, and the raisins and dates add sweetness naturally. I like sweet cereals but don't like the sugar that comes with them. There is still sugar added (brown and regular both), but there is less due to the dried fruits in the cereal. Good taste, good texture and visually appealing -- what a great combination. It's very filling and often a bowl of this and a piece of fresh fruit are my choices for lunch during the week."
"These are really good- they aren't too salty but just salty enough. They aren't strongly olive flavored, it's very subtle with the corn chip coming through and just a hint of the multigrain as well. They aren't too thick- they are crispy and really, just right. My husband can eat a big bag in one sitting, I have to watch him with a new big bag, or he doesn't leave any for the rest of us."
"Good if you like a strong, bold cup of coffee. My husband does, and he brews a medium size and a small size from the same K-Cup (with our Keurig B60,) into his travel mug and he's good to go. For me, it's way too bold. I've since ordered him the Timothy's Columbian and he likes it even better - a bit smoother and more mellow taste, but not weak. My preferences lean toward flavored blends."
"I purchased this tree for my daughter who is a landscape designer. She said it came in perfect condition, in creative packaging and that the tree was not a baby tree. It was actually as shown - a 4 year old tree. She was very surprised by the quality of the tree. It came in a short amount of time and had a little booklet with it to help take care of it. Highly recommend this."
"This 8.3 Fl oz can packs a walloping 135 calories. Switch's can claims that it contains no added sugar or corn syrup and provides 100% of one's daily Vitamin C; it is made with 100% juice plus carbonation and is all natural. This drink cloyingly sweet and tastes like a kiddie drink (think dissolved lollipops). I prefer getting my Vitamin C from orange or grapefruit juice. Lots of fruit juices are available that are natural, e.g., cranberry, apple, etc."
"I bought these because of the price per volume... however, do note, the 'manufacture date' on the bottle dates these as having been produced 5/03/2001. That's over 10 years ago. I used McCormick's own date decoder, btw. I know imitation vanilla should keep 4-5 years if stored properly... but 10+ years seems to be pushing things. I destroyed my taste buds through years of smoking, so the loss of potency isn't likely to be a big issue for me. YMMV."
"I've had Capri Sun Tropical Punch, Kiwi Strawberry and the Roarin Waters Tropical Fruit and this Roarin Waters is nowhere near as good as the other two. It's got almost like a diet taste to it which leads to a nasty aftertaste as well. I have been drinking them at basement room temperature though as I am sensitive to very cold drinks. Maybe these would taste better coming from the fridge but I don't see how much a difference that could make."
"This was my first time I used Peanut Oil , as I am not big meat eater and avoid fast food , but thanks to the great reviews as tried it in my fryer , it was so delicious, no funky smell, amazing taste , did not transfer any taste from one to another food, also used with salad and I LOVE IT !! and it become my favorite from now , for my weekly frayed Friday :))"
I found this product at a grocery store that I don't usually shop and was thrilled my find. I had been considering this product on amazon and had been contemplating ordering it. I am quite glad that I picked it up. It tastes great in oatmeal! I am happy with this product because peanut butter is one of my all time favorite foods but has been cut out of my diet due to the high fat content. I recommend giving it a try.
"This Black Cherry flavored drink from The Switch is a refreshing and tasty beverage that beats soda any day of the week. Though carbonated, the drink has a smooth taste to it and goes down easy, and the Black Cherry flavor in particular tastes great, although the Starberry Kiwi and Watermelon flavors aren't bad either. Refreshing, worthwhile, and much healthier than any diet soda or nearly any other carbonated beverage, The Switch is definitely worth trying out if you're looking for something refreshing, healthy, and tasty."
"It has that super sweet fake marshmallow in cereal taste. It's not great for coffe, but kids would probably love it. I was hoping to actually taste the hazelnut. All you taste is sweetness. It's an overload of the taste buds in all the worst ways. Day one was okay, then progressively it gets worse and worse until now I feel like I have to write a review about it and I don't usually write reviews."
"This is a great tasting cereal, but it is NOT gluten free. It took me months to figure how my family kept getting gluten because I trusted the ""family"" owned Erewhon brand. Guess what? They are no longer family owned. The corporation who makes Skinner Raisin Brand owns them and processes raisin bran in the same plant as the supposedly gluten free Crispy Brown Rice cereal. If avoiding gluten is important to your family's health, then avoid this cereal. It is definitely cross contaminated with gluten."
"This ""chili"" is absolutely gross. It has a sickly sweet flavor that reminds me of vomit, and makes your breath smell like dog food, even after brushing your teeth. Trust me. The only thing that can make eating it bearable is to add salt, which is fine for me but not for some. I also add cayenne and crushed red and black pepper. I will not reorder. Can anyone produce healthy food that actually tastes good?"
"I Recently bought a 3 pack of this coffee at Bed Bath and Beyond. As its brewing, it smells great (if you like coconut). The taste isn't bad, but for me, it has that artificial after taste that many flavored coffees have. I gave it 3 stars because it's not terrible. But I wouldn't buy this coffee again. If you're sensitive to after taste, I wouldn't recommend. I'd Grab a dark roast and throw some fresh coconut in there instead if you want a coconut coffee."
"This is the most delicious and refreshing coconut water I have tasted so far. I love drinking it after I work out because it has as much potassium as a bananna. The flavor itself isn't too overwhelming with coconut or mango, but a perfect blend of hints of coconut and mango flavor. It's a refreshing water with very subtle flavors of coconut and mango. Not too overwheleming like some other coconut waters. I absolutely LOVE it!"
"but I guess I don't really love them together. The chocolate is not sweet at all (they also have no other flavor to them), which means I can only eat about three before I feel like their getting bitter. It may be that their just too dark for me and they will not be too strong for someone else. they would probably be good in a trail mix of some kind to give your taste buds some flavor variety."
"Love ""Kind bars but"" When I ordered the Kind bars I thought they would come fine.... but when the UPS person left them on the deck in the sun.... must not have been long.... they became gooey and stick to the wrapper.... there was no indication on the package so they would know that something edible was in there or he probably would have at least put them in the garage... I had two packages so a big investment was disappointing..."
"I really like Eary Grey tea, and I've had some very good brands. However I have not found a better deal than this from Amazon. Twenty-nine bucks for 6 big boxes includes shipping is better than anywhere online or locally. The tea is good (but not the best I've ever had) and had a medium bergamot flavor. I've only found stronger bergamot flavor in teas that cost many times more. I'll save those for special occasions, and drink this for my daily ""Earl Grey: Hot!"""
"I am so glad Amazon is selling this soup again because it is my favorite soup by Amy's and one of the best soups I have ever tasted! My family always comments on how wonderful it smells when I am cooking it. It's good for a light lunch or for between meals, filling but not too heavy. The light in sodium version is pretty good, too. <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000G1EO64"">Amy's Light in Sodium Organic Lentil Soup , 14.5-Ounce Can (Pack of 12)</a>"
"The previous review, faulting the Campofrio lomo because of its hardness, is accurate, and I was at first equally disappointed. But I hit on the idea of microwaving a slice, much as one might microwave stale bread to soften it. This works! I microwave a slice (a little tough to cut, but I use a sharp knife and keep my fingers safe) on high heat for about seven seconds. It softens, becomes easily chewed, and the flavor comes out fully. I've become addicted!"
"My dog loved this food, and he lost a few pounds without seeming to be ravenous all the time. I'm so impressed with the high quality ingredients, but I'm still searching. My dog's skin issues are much improved on this food but not completely resolved, and peas are unusually high on the ingredient list here, so I'm thinking that he may be allergic to peas as well as corn. Would definitely buy again if I can rule out peas as a problem."
"My son just started the Gluten Free diet and I have tried some foods out there just seeing what he will eat. He loved it, I couldn't believe it at first but he kept eating. I'm really glad that I was able to find something that he loves to eat for breakfast. My little girl has starring to eat it to and she says it taste good. I buy it every time I run out cause I love eating it too."
"The item that Nutricity ships is not true product description on the Amazon web site. This water is not from New Zealand but bottled somewhere from muilt-sources and has a bad smell and tastes bad. Nutricity refuses to honor my complaint that the item is not as described and will not refund my money. BUYER BEWARE! The one star review is only becuase you have to put at leaset one to post a review, so my review should have no stars."
"I have been buying this tea for a while now from another store, so I already knew how good it is. In fact, I think this is the best tea one can get. I'm kind of hooked on it; I'm not even awake before I have my first cup in the morning. Anyway, this is a very convenient packaging for someone who drinks a lot of tea - 100 bags in one package. The package arrived really quickly, no problems whatsoever."
"I wanted an organic formula for my 5 week old daughter since breasfeeding didn't work out for us. After she was on this formula for about a week, she became severely constipated and gassy. I searched the internet and found that many other people had this same problem with this formula. We switched her to the non-organic Similac Advance and the constipation cleared up almost immediately. I would love to use an organic formula that did not cause digestive issues."
"I have tried many different brands of green tea, and this one is, by far, the best one that I have ever tried! The taste is so delicious and each tea bag is tightly sealed in its own special packet, which keeps it totally fresh until you use it. Even the strings are totally natural, with no metal at all, which can affect the taste of the tea. This is my new favorite tea, and I am so glad that I discovered it!"
"I have been drinking Sparkling Ice exclusively since running upon it by mistake in the grocery store! I am such a fan that I have been on the Amazon subscription plan for several months now. These carbonated water drinks are absolutely wonderful...and I have completely replaced this product for all other soft drinks. All natural, no after taste, enhanced with vitamins and spring water to boot. They come in many flavors, while I prefer the grapefruit and lemon lime...they are all wonderful and refreshing."
"I really enjoyed the KOI Navratan Korma. All you need is some basmati rice, and you are good to go. Usually, I get concerned with products containing paneer (cheese) in prepackaged form, but the paneer in these packs turned out not to have the rubbery texture I was concerned about. Along with the special discount, the price on these packs is great as well. Unfortunately, as with most prepackaged Indian foods, sodium contact is high and the korma is pretty oily."
I bought these to replace the occational candy bar and for a grab and go snack. They are delicious and very filling. Yes they are made with healthy ingredients and yes they are organic. No this is not diet food. These babies pack a caloric punch similar to a candy bar and so you need to keep that in mind. They are great for being a little naughty without filling up on fake food and chemical frappe.
"I purchased these chips because I love sweet potato chips in general, but these far surpass the taste of your ordinary sweet potato chip. These are crisp and crunchy and not as sweet as the standard variety. That they are kosher, trans fat free, and gluten free are an added bonus. The 1.5 oz. bags are perfect for an afternoon snack, and only around 200 calories. I love them so much I now have Amazon ship a case every month."
"Came quickly (a couple of days), and is exactly what it's supposed to be - Starbucks Sumatra. We started using a K-cup machine in our office and, being a self-proclaimed coffee snob, I wasn't so sure I would like it. These Sumatra K-cups aren't QUITE the same as my French press or even what you get when you go to Starbucks. But, it's good coffee, cheaper than Starbucks or even the grocery store, and came right away. I'll be ordering again soon."
"I purchased this item (24 bags). This was my mistake. I normally don't eat chips except when I am close to my period phase. When this order arrived, I ate one bag each day until I came down to 5 bags. I realized what I have done. However, it was yummy and no trans fat. More healthy than most brands. Now I know, I can only order a bag, not 24 bags next time. :)"
"I have one cup a day and it really decreases my night sweats. I'm in amazement at how much it helps! The taste isn't great, but I don't think it's as bad as some other reviews have said. If you're concerned about the taste, you can use some sage from your spice cabinet and make a cup. It tastes pretty much the same, but it didn't seem cost effective to use the sage you buy in the spice aisle."
"No brightness, no aroma. Mouthfeel is short. Aftertaste is a little bitter, but not that bad. The worst thing about this coffee is that it's either weak or not fresh. Either way, I burr grind every morning and use an aeropress, so my methods are not an issue. I grabbed the community coffee last time, and it was loads better than this crap. Guess that's why it was ~$6/lb here. Will NOT be buying any coffee from these guys anymore."
"The caramel flavor I bought at a Starbucks store led me to try more. This one however was much weaker and only one in a cup was too weak. So I used two packets for one cup, and when you figure the unit cost, that's about $1.25/cup for instant. Also, when you open the package, the coffee really doesn't seem to flow smoothly and often I would get some on the counter. Not planning to purchase again."
"I poured boiling water over the pod and worked it over really well with a spoon until the water was good and dark. This produced a good, full bodied coffee with a rich taste. For my next cup, I put the pod in a French press and let it set for a few minutes before pressing, and the flavor improved even more. If you don't have a single pod brewer, this is the way to brew an excellent, environmentally-friendly cup of coffee from the individual packets."
"This stuff is good. I use it for the usual mac n cheese as well as cheese sauces. Light weight and easy to store on a boat. I've read that it clumps up and does not make a good sauce. Do it this way: mix 3-4 Tsp powdered cheese with a can of cream soup, add 1/2 can water mix thoroughly WHILE IT IS STILL COLD then warm the sauce and use as desired. Works great."
"I was told in a previous review that these beans were not good. They were right! Some were awful, and my kids enjoyed every miniute! During a Harry Potter themed birthday, we had an ""every flavoured bean tasting"" The dirt and grass were pretty realistic, but the vomit was a bit coconutty in taste. (Hmmm. Makes me wonder.) Anyway, they were not all meant to be delecious, yet some were (think, Tutti-Fruity) I would def give them a go again should we have the urge."
"I began using this 2 nights ago as a nightly moisturizer and I'm already seeing positive results. Other than occasional pimples, my only skip issue was wrinkles beginning to appear (I'm only 22 so either I don't drink enough water or I'm way too stressed for my age). Though the deeper wrinkles have not completely disappeared, they are definitely diminished and barely noticeable unless you're very close to my forehead. Love this so far! (And it smells wonderful!)"
"This is called Tea Espresso but it has no caffeine. I don't know what I was expecting when I got this in the mail, but I don't like it. I was hoping for something with an interesting flavor but it just tastes like run of the mill tea. I probably will not use the remain product I have and wouldn't recommend this to people unless they specifically wanted something that has a high antioxidant content or is caffeine free."
"I was looking for some protein bars that taste good and were soyless. These come close (soy lethicin is still listed). Warning: don't order in warm climate/weather as the chocolate coating melts, even in your hands from holding it. The stevia (sweetener) has a noticeable aftertaste that needs getting used to. I still need to find a substitute protein bar that is good for you, not made of soy and tastes good. I have to say, other than the above, these are light and crispy."
"I was hesitant at making the sacrifice of giving up coffee due to blood pressure issues but the chocolate flavor is nice switch! Its NOT true coffee but I am looking more for the morning ritual of putting coffee into a coffee maker, etc and pouring it onto a mug with half and half at the bottom. This is a nice psychological alternative PLUS, I dont miss the anxiety attacks I was getting from drinking way too much coffee!! Good substitute. Not cheap, but worth it!"
"We purchased these to have on hand for our 7 yr old son and he loves them. As an adult I really like them when I am craving some sort of candy. If I grab one of these... I know it is only 100 calories... and it does have chocolate and candy :) so it is good for those kinds of fixes. I wouldn't say these are healthy by any means, but in moderation, they are better than other things."
"This has all the consistency, smell, and texture of peanut butter without all the fat. It is light enough to spread on brownies for an amazing desert. Really great for cooking. However, it's not quite peanut butter. If you're looking for a low-fat PBJ sandwich you might be disappointed. I added much less water than what they call for. It also helps to let it sit for 10-15 minutes after mixing. Bottom line: give it a try."
"I bought the Planters Natural Creamy Peanut Butter because it had 2g less carbs than the Jif Natural. The label itself says no need to stir, but that was not true. It had a thick layer of oil on top. Also, it didn't spread well at all, it rolled around on the bread and tore it up. I went back to Jif Natural. I'll sacrifice the extra 2g of carbs for peanut butter that is easy to spread, slightly better tasting, and really doesn't need stirring."
These coffee pods are very weird tasting almost as they were stored with something other than coffee. I wish that i could of purchased a smaller amount of these pods as i am NOT able to send them back. Now i am stuck with coffee pods that i will have to throw away. Maybee i got a bad batch i dont know but i cant afford to buy more to find out.To bad i so wanted to try them
I don't know if I'm doing it wrong or if the kefir grains I have are not any good. I've had the milk grains for about 3 weeks and I'm following the directions exactly. The grains are actually growing but every batch that I've made has that rotten sour milk taste. Any tips that anybody might have that could save this batch or do I just chuck these and start a new? The water grains I got you are doing great.
"...then this is the bar for you! It's easily more than half nuts, and it's a fairly good balance of sweet and salty, chewy and crunchy (though I found the granola part to be about the consistency of Rise Krispie Treats), with generous pieces of almonds, cashews, and peanuts. It's not exactly a low-fat snack (100 calories from fat but no trans fat) but has a fair amount of protein, dietary fiber, and no cholesterol. It's very tasty - enjoy!"
"My husband recently bought me a Keurig Brewer. I was excited for my new toy but my joy quickly turned into dismay when I saw how expensive the little ""cups"" cost. I love coffee and have always bought beans to grind. I was DELIGHTED when I found these wonderful little disposable filters to use with my Brewer. Now I have the best of both worlds! I placed my order and to my surprise they showed up 3 days later!"
"I have tried every brand of coconut water that health food stores carry, and this is, by far, my favorite. The pineapple flavor does not overwhelm the coconut or vice versa. I also like the tetra pack with the screw on top- it is much more convenient than the smaller 11 oz size which you cannot reseal. This has been a great Gatorade substitute for me, and helps a lot when I am sick or dehydrated or need to hydrate quickly. Great stuff!"
"I'm working my way through all their canned products, and most are top notch. This stuff is perfectly seasoned and has a great flavor, but its overcooked and mushy. However, there is one thing you can do with this cabbage, and thats to take 2 cans of Glory Pinto Beans, mix in a pound of smoked sausage, plate and top with this cabbage and some cripsy Chow Chow. OK, now thats more like it but this stuff should stand on its own and it doesn't."
"Along with the Orange Mandarin, this is my favorite tea for the Keurig. Nice smooth, bold taste. Good berry flavor. I run it through the Keurig, then take the k-cup and the tea, empty it into a small tea pot with a strainer, let it steep and get two large cups out of it. One for now, one for later. It always turns out great, there is plenty of taste and it stretches the cost out."
"bought both the savory seafood and the chicken and wheat germ, as the kittens liked the fish, chicken and liver flavor. They are not so fond of it, but will eat if there is nothing else. Also, they will only eat it as soon as a can is opened, there is no hope of putting half a can in tupperware and feeding it to them later. Oh, yeah, and STINKY. But a good product if your kitty likes the taste."
"Not only does this sauce have a great taste. But they have a small enough pour spout on top to allow you to pour small drops on your food, if your careful, or pour a lot. It makes it easy to make something rather hot to, WheW,. What a heavy Burn ! I love this stuff. It's in a large 5 ounce bottle. And compared to sauces with less heat it has a great price. :)"
"These are the perfect size for training but they are not to be confused with actual ""treats."" These are more like you-did-a-good-job-buddy tokens. My dog will eat them happily, but he does not get excited about them, and my dog gets very excited by most anything edible (and some things non-edible). I'd get them again, but only if the price was much lower than it currently is ($8.60). I think $3-4 would be a reasonable price for what you get."
I bought this coffee to add variety to my morning coffees. I was not impressed. It is not a bad coffee but it is not a great coffee by any means. I regularly buy the regular French Roast by Coffee Bean Direct which for me is consistently the best tasting. They sell this Dark House Blend more expensive than the French Roast which makes no sense to me especially now after tasting it. I will not buy this Dark House Blend coffee again.
"I love these trays! Yes, they're expensive... but worth it to me. They stack VERY neatly in the freezer, the lids seal tightly and keep everything fresh, and the food is easily removed for use (or, storage in a baggie so I can use the same tray again for more food). If you have any trouble getting the food cubes out just leave the lid on and run the bottom under a little warm water... the cubes will slide right out. :)"
"I admit, I like my French Vanilla coffee to be heavy on the vanilla side. This isn't. It's a much stronger coffee brew, meaning more sugar and creamer is needed to tone down the coffee flavor. On the other hand, it's a reasonable alternative if my preferred brand (Van Houtte) isn't on sale or when it's occasionally out of stock. I like that it comes in a 2-pack because our family goes through a lot of k-cups and I don't have to order quite so often."
"I love this tea. Plain black tea is hard to find in stores, and expensive in specialty stores. I don't like the orange pekoe flavor most tea carried by grocery stores is cut with - in my opinion, it is the orange pekoe that adds the bitterness. Yes, you have to buy a lot (6 packs of 24 each) but I drink it every day, and particularly love it iced with my own flavorings added. (Please! Don't change this product!)"
"Agree with previous reviewer -- these used to be fantastic, now just OK. Still my favorite energy bar, but as with others they have added cheap peanuts to most of the flavors. For those of us with peanut allergies, that's a real problem. I used to be able to eat most of the flavors, now there are just a few without peanuts. Last few months bars taste much more cardboardy than before -- they used to taste like fresh nuts & dried fruit."
The flavor of these is definitely what stands out immediately to me. Most healthy snack bars have either an unappetizing or bland flavor. The flavor of these is bold and the textures are great. The chewiness of the cranberries mixed with the crunchiness of the whole nuts makes for a great combination. They also are healthy for you and pretty filling. Great snack to give you energy for exercising while also helping you keep your food intake down.
"The sauce isn't mild but I was expecting something much hotter. I can literally pour it on my food without any difficulty. The taste is good but it's extremely sweet. As such, it just doesn't go with a lot of foods. If someone gave me a second bottle as a gift I'd certainly use it but I wouldn't buy a second bottle either. If you like sweet sauces and aren't looking for a scorching addition to your food then this is a good choice."
"In the past I've purchased Lavazza in Blu, but wanted to try something else in Lavazza's product offering and sure enough Lavazza's Caffe Espresso came up in my search and with great reviews and decided to try it out. Make a terrific cup of espresso- full of flavor, medium blend and has the great coffee aroma to help start your day. If you like Blu and want to change it up, this is a great alternative."
"I adore ginger in every form. Buoyed by the glowing reviews, I ordered three pounds. Unfortunately, it was not at all as described. The first bite was bland and too sugary; the after-taste almost medicinal. I couldn't detect any spicy ginger flavor. I tried a couple more pieces and found them thoroughly unpleasant. The store owner was great, however. I returned the two unopened bags and he/she issued a full refund. I threw the third bag away."
"I have been using this product for over a year. There is nothing wrong with the product, it is a very good product. My problem was that almost every can of the 48 I ordered were dented. I wasn't buying dented cans at the pet store and I did't expect to buy dented cans from you. Needless to say, I am very unhappy with what was sent to me. I suppose paying more at the pet store is worth it"
"These cheese straws are very yummy. Unfortunately, I felt that they were making me gain weight as part of my low carb diet. I gained three pounds in the week that I bought them eating maybe a couple of handfuls a day. So, while very delicious, they may not work well for my diet. Update: I see that the product Amazon took me to write this review was not exactly the product I ordered. I ordered the low carb tin."
"Fiber one bars actually don't have real fiber. They contain inulin (from chicory root) which is technically fiber because the body can't digest it. Unfortunately fiber is defined by anything that can't be broken down easily. These bars do not contain REAL fiber. (The real fiber usually found in whole grain breads and cereals) So if it says ""chicory root"" or ""inulin"" in the ingredients, you can be sure you aren't eating the fiber your body can actually use."
"My kids (4yrs and 1 1/2yrs) love these cookies, much to my surprise! The mini ones are just right for them and I'm happy to give them 'cookies' for breakfast! There are 2 things I don't like: 1) The individual cookie packages are VERY hard to open...I always need scissors and 2) the cookies fall-apart easily...I wouldn't recommend passing these out in the car! Overall a great product and I purchased these in bulk so we are sure to always have them on hand."
"The product information doesn't tell you that the tea includes processed sweetener (stevia), butterscotch flavoring, and some other processed ingredients. This is not the original recipe for Yogi Tea, though it implies that it is. Even on the Yogi Tea website, it doesn't mention the added artificial ingredients (I know that stevia is from a plant, but it's hightly processed for use as a sweetener). I love the old original yogi tea, but I would never buy this."
"This stuff was inedible crap. Trust me, I eat almost anything even some flavors of Hamburger Helper. I tried 3 of the 4 flavors trying to have an open mind, but this was the worst. This stuff was so bad, I decided not to even bother trying the 4th flavor. Maybe velveeta alone with pasta would be salvageable but once you add the other crap seasonings, I gagged. I actually threw out the whole dinner. It is nasty stuff."
"When I opened the case I found 4 cans were so deeply dented that I was afraid to feed them to my cat. Otherwise this seems like OK food, my cat east it. Weird that the price on Amazon went up so dramatically; I would not pay over a dollar a can for this. I am hoping Amazon will replace the damaged product, but it doesn't seem as easy to lodge a complaint with Amazon as it used to..."
"My family eats and likes 100% whole wheat pasta, crackers and bread, so I thought we'd like this mac n cheese, too. This product tastes awful. What a bummer to own 12 boxes of yucky mac n cheese! I tried mixing it with other mac n cheese to make it tastier, but nothing can overcome the bad taste of this pasta. I finally threw the remaining Hodgson Whole Wheat Macaroni in the trash and kept the cheese packets to sprinkle on popcorn."
"We have been using this stuff for years even though we have to buy it online. We buy it by the 12 pack and like the other reviewers, it is a staple here - almost it's own food group. For the best nachos - lay out a bunch of Mission Tortilla strips in a toaster (about an inch high), with a ""healthy"" amount of shreaded cheese on top - toast one cycle, then sprinkle the sauce over the top. The best."
"When I lived in Korea, this brand of ramyun was my favorite so I was happy to see that it's for sale in the US, too. In my opinion, this is the best cheap(er) choice when buying this kind of food. I agree with other posters that poaching an egg with the noodles makes the experience infinitely better. One word of advice: They are pretty spicy so if you don't like that, maybe look for another product from the same manufacturer (Nong Shim)."
"Yes, these sugar free Werther's do taste great. I was ready to stock up on many boxes of the cute little candies that are only 8 calories a piece! It amazed me how sweet they tasted. I ate 5 pieces yesterday. I had bad cramps and gas yesterday for about 12 hours but did not realize it was the candy. Today I ate 5 more pieces... more cramps within an hour of indulging. Yikes! Not worth it, even for a sugar addict like me."
"Both the Toscany and Provence Herb spice grinders are a handy way to have fresh herb flavors in a convenient form. Both of these grinders do an excellent job of providing a fine grind of herb mixes (including garlic) to almost any dish. These are well prepared, dried herbs that add a splash of flavor to your cooking. The attached grinder does a great job of very finely grinding, so flavor is maximized. Highly recommended, along with the Garlic grinder too!"
"This product gets 5 stars for taste and 1 star for the high sugar content. My son absolutely loves this product, and it smells delicious. I prefer healthier options for my kids. When I purchased it, I was hoping it was rice with a little peach flavor, but it's juice, sugar, and a little rice for texture. I appreciate that it's organic, and I will continue to give it to my son. It won't be a staple in his diet, only a treat."
"I really dislike that Companies are combing Fruit & Vegetables. No wonder kids are not liking Vegetables. I would like to purchase pre-packaged Baby Food, but after Stage 1 all I can seem to find are products with Vegetables and Fruit mixed so the food tastes sweet. I guess I have to stick with making my own baby food. Oh and the packaging is so convenient that you can even forego the Spoon and Dish, what does this teach your Children!"
"Agree with previous reviewer -- these used to be fantastic, now just OK. Still my favorite energy bar, but as with others they have added cheap peanuts to most of the flavors. For those of us with peanut allergies, that's a real problem. I used to be able to eat most of the flavors, now there are just a few without peanuts. Last few months bars taste much more cardboardy than before -- they used to taste like fresh nuts & dried fruit."
"I can't get enough of this stuff! This is the first root beer that hasn't left a stale taste in my mouth afterwards, no doubt because of the radically different ingredients lists (If you want to test it, I'm sure somewhere there are either single bottles or 4 packs available.) I definitely have no problem paying $23 ($45 with S/H) for a 24 pack, and next time I'm preparing a party, I'm going to buy the 2-pack of 5-liter kegs."
"A lover of Celsius for many years...this is by far the worst product I have ever tasted. It is like bitter medicinal apple juice...I would give it zero stars if possible. Bought a 12 pack...threw out an 11 1/2 pack. Seriously...not sure if the formula is off or the Stevia isn't integrated properly, but it is flat out terrible!Do yourself a favor and get Orange or Wild Berry...or the teas, all of which are really good!"
"I bought one of these thinking I would try it out and go back for more if it worked out. They are cute, but I won't be buying more. The Stay-Fresh Baby Food containers are MUCH better and cheaper. The Stay-Fresh containers each hold 2 ounces and can go straight in the microwave. Once the food is frozen I find it difficult sometimes to get the portion of food out of the Beaba container. Not the best design and totally overpriced."
"I was very disappointed in this bag of chex mix. I love caramel, way more than chocolate even, but this time caramel let me down. I didn't like how sweet my usually salty treat was, nor did I like the swirl cookies, I am not a fan of hard cookies unless they are Biscotti. It also was just three types of chex mix pieces and that didn't give me a bag of interseting. I wouldn't suggest them to someone who likes their chex mix salty."
"These are definitely below average cookies. They don't even try to look homemade, and are kind of small and processed-looking. For taste, they are passable but I thought there was something powdery and definitely salty about them. In my little tasting party of seven people in my immediate family I was hearing words like chalky, boring, stale, and ""has that low-fat taste without the low-fat benefit."" They are certainly edible--but it's not a product I would seek out."
"I don't know how long these sat on the back of a shelf somewhere, but they were so old that they wouldn't cook. I had to throw half of them out, because the skins were damaged, a clear sign of dried beans past their prime. I can't even return these or ask for a refund, because food is not returnable. Will find a different brand to use. For now, I have about fifty servings of beans to throw away."
"<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0027UKBUA"">Sweet Baby Ray's Barbecue Sauce - 2/40oz</a> This is one barbecue sauce that won't leave you wishing you'd put something else on your meat at the barbecue. Sweet, yet tangy, this award-winning sauce is sure to win the taste test with your family. My grandkids wouldn't touch the brand my daughter brought home from the store after finishing my bottle of Sweet Baby Ray's. So now our family's motto is ""don't give me nothin' if you don't give me Baby Ray's"""
"I've been using Stevia as my sweetener for over 10 years. I've always used the KAL white powder Stevia, as I like the taste best of all. Now I found the SweetLeaf Luquid stevia, and at first I tried the Hazelnut flavor (yummy), and then I gave a try to Chocolate-Raspberry and Orange flavor. I love love the orange flavor in my coffee, oatmeal or Greek yogurt. It gives just gentle touch of orange, but you can definitely taste it."
"I smelled the vanilla when I initially opened the bag but upon brewing it I really couldn't say I detected any vanilla flavoring. We've made the entire bag and I had no impression that I was drinking anything other than just black coffee, no vanilla undertones. I asked my husband what he thought about the vanilla coffee and he said, ""what vanilla coffee?"" He couldn't even tell. Nevertheless, it's starbucks and still a good cup of joe."
"After much deliberation about wedding favors, I ended up going the edible route and bought the Leonidas chocolate favors from Amazon. I highly recommend these for many reasons - one, they are yummy and go well with champagne; two, they are shipped fast and no hassles; three, it's super easy - you get a box of nicely wrapped favors and you can just take it to your reception and be done with it. All in all, I was very happy with this choice!"
"I love pasta but I hate the stuffed feeling I get after eating it and the high carb content. I BOOUGHT these noodles FROM AMAZON because you can get them for a GREAT PRICE and FREE SHIPPING. Unlike other reviewers I actually read the information provided for the customer so I can make an informed purchase. I've had these noodles in both hot and cold dishes and they are fabulous. No carbs, no calories, and no weight gain. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!"
"The sachets come individually wrapped in plastic baggies. For a large cup (say ~16 oz), you'd need 3-4 sachets to brew a tea that wasn't obviously weak. I tried it well before the box's expiration date, so that wasn't the problem. As the tea soaked in the water, it seemed to develop a faint taste of plastic. Not sure where that's coming from. Could be the baggie it was in or the sachet, which is made out of some kind of plastic fabric."
"At first these taste like a meal replacement bar... sort of bland and chewy. Then after the second bite, you realize that they're more like a less-sweet brownie, and you look forward to the next bite. They're not too chocolatey, which I really appreciate because I don't have too much of a sweet tooth. Like the peanut-raisin variety, I would recommend these as an afternoon snack to tide you over until dinner. And like the peanut -raisin, I'll be buying these in future."
"I have a 4 year old male cat who has chronic urinary tract infections. I feed him this dry food in combination with wet food (with water added to it) and Uri Ease. The combination seems to keeps his UTI's under control. If I switch to another type of dry food, his UTI gets worse. The other cats seem to enjoy this food as well. It's expensive but it seems to be the best solution for me."
"Essential water, seem to taste fine however the price was way too high for my budget. I suppose it may do well in the body but I couldn't tell a difference.. Heavy exercisers and hard workers outdoors may get some relief from this just type of product, but I'm neither, so I'll stick to my plane drinking. If you are electrolyte deficiency then ask your doctor and have him or her prescribe something like this for you. I hope this review is helpful."
"This is good loose leaf tea and the packaging makes this tea a very good purchase. There are three packages so while using one the other two stay fresh, the package has a zip lock thing to help preserve freshness and the bottome is fasioned so that it can stand up like in the picture. The tea itself is very good, but you must remember that this is Jasmine green tea... All in all I am happy with the purchase."
"I got the peppered flavor and it tastes awful. It's spicy as heck but the pepper taste is so overwhelming that it totally ruins it. I got through about half a bag and not more then 2 pieces at a time. Totally disgusting. I like beef jerky and Jack Link's especially, just not this flavor. Anyone who is a health nut may not like this because it's loaded with MSG, though I think most beef jerky is."
"This product is excellent. My wife and I both love it. It is incomparably easier than tearing open Splenda packages, and without the bulk calories to boot. 2-3 drops will sweeten a cup of coffee (if you like it sweet), and 4-5 drops a glass of tea. Try your own home-made smoothie from blended bananas, strawberries, fat-free milk and EZ Sweet. We can't say enough about this product. And to boot, delivery is timely, and the product is in perfect condition. Thank you for excellence."
"I ordered these chips by accident. I meant to order ""with added salt."" I know, not a healthy choice but hey, I love salt! So, I ended up with a whole case of these unsalted chips. My wife said, hey these aren't salted! She was pleased. She worries about my diet. So, I had some chips. They're delicious! Good crunch. Very fresh corn flavor. Excellent with salsa. Sometimes a guy has to be wrong to do right!"
"Tastes like a Payday candy bar but with protein and a genuinely nutty taste. These bars are great for on-the-go, in your handbag, purse, or backpack and actually fill you up with a bottle of water and an apple for a healthy meal. I don't recommend refrigeration, as they are already chewy and don't need to be hard on top of that. I recommend these bars for athletes, students, moms, and kids alike. They taste great and are very satisfying."
"This is a nice tasting soup. Perhaps a little salty, barely, with a robust big flavor! The bad thing is the noodles they put in the pack. There are a lot of rolled up noodles that unroll like flat spaghetti when cooked. I enjoy the 'Asian Home Gourmet' hot and sour soup more, but this is good for those who like a wholesome meat and tatters kinda soup. If you want the best hot and sour though, buy the Asian Home Gourmet paste packs."
"I really relied heavily on reviews on this one. Unfortunately after receiving the bars I was sorely disappointed. I like the RAWness of these bars but they don't taste like coconut, they don't taste like pecan pie. They taste like a slightly tart pecan date nut log. I LOVE pecans and dates but I like my dates sweet. These aren't. Too bad for me but hopefully I can help the next guy out. Great deal though for those of you that like these bars."
"I am an adventurous person who likes new things and when Amazon began selling the Bahlsen line I tried a number of their products and found them to be enjoyable and tasty, but the Hannover Wafer Cookies are, to my palate, rather bland and tasteless. The texture is pleasing, though a little grainy tasting and the creme filling has little flavor. They're very high in saturated fat, and devoid of flavor..Think I'll stick with the Bahlsen Delobas'."
"Unless you've got a clam roller somewhere on your property, I doubt seriously that you could whip-up a better bowl of chowder! The clams were tender, fresh, plentiful, and remarkably non-gritty. The 'taters' were tasty and not overly done. I would recommend that they cut-back a bit on the tapioca starch and add some medium cream, instead. I like to add some diced Vidalya onion or red bell pepper. Stir in some milk, butter, and black pepper, and you're on your way to a delightful meal."
This fry mix has been a family favorite for over 50 years. Growing up in Michigan where it is manufactured and living on the west coast I could only get it when visiting. I was delighted to find the product through Amazon. It makes great onion rings which was what my mother primarily used it for and pleased many a guest at family BBQs. I have also used it for baking fish and was happy with the result.
Disposacup does not work like I thought it would. I like my coffee strong and even though you fill it to the top it comes out very light. I wouldn't recommend this product. Also the filters are so thin that in order to not have coffee grinds you have to put two filters instead of one. I know that the disposables are much more expensive but you get perfect coffee which it was the reason why I bought the Keurig on the first place.
"Ok, so I'm sure this isn't authentic Chai to everyone. But for a person, like myself, that lives in a rural area with very few coffee shops this is perfect. I can't afford to buy a single latte for the same price I could pay for a box of 8 packets. And why should I? This mix is wonderful and I don't even have to add milk! Just heat some water or pour in the packet. Instant goodness."
"Best I've tried yet and I don't plan to shop around. I've tried several differnt kinds and this has been the best for my 2 cat household. This litter is a decent price and does the job well. It contains odors pretty well and also clumps very well. The only reason I have it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it doesn't scoop itself :) Seriously though, it's not dust-free, but it is pretty low dust."
"Saw these chips about 9 months ago and bought the BBQ at a Giant store in their organic section. These chips are light but tasty and have a good BBQ flavor. Of course they aren't Herr's or Lays but a good for you substitute. These chips are popped like pop corn. The package explains the process. Trader's Joe's, sells their version for $1.99 a dollar less than Giant but I swear they are the same chips with different names. Try them."
"Coca Cola now partially owns Zico. So, now it's made from concentrate, has added ""natural flavors"" and is packaged in plastic. How to ruin nature's perfect drink for profit. This was my favorite, now I will not buy this ""new formula"" again...Looking to find another like Zico used to be. Don't know yet if the Zico tetra pak is still the ""old formula""..also..rumor has it that Pepsi is looking to buy Vita Coco..so will be keeping my eye on this, too"
"A very subtle taste with the health benefits of green tea and mint. I gave this tea to a friend with a sore throat and it actually helped with the inflammation. I use it when my mouth breaks out from stress and it has an immediate calming effect on the mouth sores. I find it to be amazingly calming and soothing, so I drink it literally everyday. But the taste is mild and may not be for everyone."
"Tastes like coffee. A nice mild roast, which will not be to the tastes of those who want a bolder, maybe near burnt taste like Starbucks. And this is very easy on the stomach. Of course that is because of they way it is ground, this is a very fine grind and quite frankly any fine ground coffee (even Espresso) is going to be easier and way less acidic and easy on your digestive system then a rougher grind."
"I won a bottle of this originally from buying a bunch of 2 liter Dr. Pepper bottles. I never heard of it and assumed it would taste horrible, but after it came I was pleasantly surprised to find it was up there with Chik-Fil-A BBQ Sauce. It's sweet and not overbearingly spicy like most store bought BBQ sauces are. Great as a dipping sauce for chicken nuggets/tenders and good on ribs too. If only Chik-Fil-A would bottle their sauce, but this is a great alternative."
"One of the better K-cups I've tried. Generally I'm not a fan of flavored coffees and I'm picky about hazelnut flavors. This is a nice medium body roast with just enough hazelnut. Drinking coffee straight, it's a nice touch of nuttiness with very little bitterness. Adding cream and sugar really brings out the nutty flavor. For my family's tastes, we brew these cups with a tablespoon less water than usually to make it a little stronger."
"Kettle Branch Potato Chips New York Cheddar: These are good if you like kettle fried potato chips that are waaaay salty, on the burnt side, and taste rancid, either because the cheese flavoring or the oil it was fried in was already old. I want to like this brand of chips and try their new and other flavors every now and then. But, after having tried all sorts of other brands of kettle cooked chips, these just don't hit the spot for me."
". . And my hair was looking very fly-away and dry. AFter using this product for a couple of weeks, I saw a noticeable difference. My hair appeared smoother and had some shine. I wear my hair short, but always had wisps sticking out and up which I had to control with a curling iron, which I hated to do because I feared that was making my hair dryer. This product is effective and pleasant to use. I like it."
"I love my HBOS! But @ $4 a box it's not a good value. I bought 3 4-packs at Amazon for $9 ea. ($27). They had a difficult journey. Each box was damaged, but I got a good deal and they tasted fine. Now the price has gone up dramatically ($16 for a 4-pack) and I see another customer commented about the poor quality of the packaging when it arrived. I'll stick to my local store. Really, look at the price increase! That's crazy."
"This may seem like a treat to my cats, but it really is food. My two youngest cats prefer Tasty Treasures over all the Friskies flavors. They sit and and eat until every last bit is gone. I've never had a cat do that with any cat food. I've been waiting for Amazon to carry all the flavors...at a reasonable price...so I can stop hauling them from my local Petstore. I highly recommend this - especially if you have a picky eater."
"If, like me, you find a lot of Earl Grey teas a bit weak in that most delicious and enticing bergamot aroma, this is definitely the one for you. It is not over powerful, just right. The tea itself is not strong so if you like very strong tea by all means add a bag of regular black tea to brew along with the Stash. Absolutely delicious..It will bring you to an exotic and distant land of pure enchantment."
"I stock my shelves with Iced Cafe Mocha for unknown reasons any pack with an August 2013 expiry tastes like chalkly chocolate and the texture is thicker. I am trying to return my recent purchases. It is so frustrating. I really miss the original Iced Cafe Mocha. It was perfectly sweetened, tastes like real mocha and very satifying. Oh and it smells like mocha from Starbucks..yummmmm I'm going to whole foods to check if they have the older ones (expiring June 2013)."
"I would think that a company aware of food allergies would make sure to list their ingredients for customers of their products, and my REPEATED requests to AMZ to compel vendors to do so are dismissed and ignored. So much for sensitivity. Can anyone please list the ingredients for these? Then those of us with multiple food allergies and hoping to be able to purchase these will know if they are safe for us. Thank you."
Prince of Peace has hit it out of the ballpark with this economical organic Fujian Oolong tea in unbleached bags. This is consumed throughout the day in my home and we are not in the least bit jittery as often happens with the semi-fermented type of tea that nears black in its caffeine content. Amazon offers the best price so far and we highly recommend the Prince of Peace Organic Oolong in the 100 count box!
"I have never eaten the nutrition bars (no matter what brand) and wanted to give them a try. I use the Amazing Grass dried wheatgrass powder in my smoothies in the morning and decided to try the bars. They have a very dense texture, and I needed a lot of water in order to eat a fourth or half of a bar. I purchased the 12-count package and ended up giving away most of the bars. I just found them to be too difficult to eat."
"This is blasphemy. It should be made with brown sugar and butter (topping) not their disgusting topping mix containing partially hydrogenated soybean oil, cottonseed oil and corn starch. The topping was absolutly DISGUSTING. Not to mention it makes only a very small cake. I will NEVER EVER EVER buy another Betty Crocker Pineapple upside-down cake mix again. I would have given negative stars but you can't do that. So for the incompetent people who can't cook or taste anything, this is probably right up your ally."
"Not sure how this is listed as smooth peanut butter. It is smoother than their crunchy but there is still small chunks throughout. So far the best tasting ""healthy"" smooth peanut butter but for some reason every company I have tried cannot get smooth peanut butter down. Now if you try this same brand in crunchy I think it is fantastic and with only Peanuts and salt as the ingredients you arent consuming such unnecessary preservatives."
"Well, what can I say? I regret this purchase of Bridgeford Italian salami (I didn't buy the hard salami). The quality of the salami is just so-so, not terrible but not comparable in quality to slightly more-expensive salamis available at my local grocers. The taste? Not bad but not great either, a walk on the mild side (in other words, bland and a bit rubbery-tasting). Stick with Hillshire Farm, Genoa, Gallo, etc...Bridgeford makes good pepperoni but their salami is sub-par and not worth the money."
"For being an instant coffee, Via is very good, but don't expect it to have the aroma or flavor of fresh brewed Italian Roast. Very convenient, and no clean up. Tried the Via French Roast because there were a few reviews about how it's the best. Still prefer the Via Italian Roast... the Via French Roast is not any darker as you'd expect in the real coffee world, plus it has a tiny hint of a strange aroma/flavor."
"Wow!!! One of the best gluten-free breads that I have tasted (and I have tasted a bunch). My son loves this bread and we use it for all his sandwiches AND I make him mini pizzas on this bread too!! Tastes great untoasted, which is rare for gluten-free bread. I take it right from the fridge & make a peanut butter sandwich for my son to take to school. He loves them. Really can't say enough good things about this bread!!!"
"I received this product a day earlier than the estimated shipping date and was excited to try out my favorite coffee flavoring. Unfortunately, when it comes to this syrup I taste nothing but extremely strong spice, that gave me a bit of an upset stomach. *EDIT* The same day I posted this review I received a call from Amoretti to discuss my review. I was given advice on using the syrups and had products sent out to try! Absolutely amazing customer service! Just amazing!"
"After eating wellness core, my cat has developed urinary crystals. Now I see that many pet owners have had the same problem. I am so upset that I did this to my cat. I chose it for the no grain/high protein formulation and instead of great nutrition I have fed him something that has caused pain and suffering. This seems to be a well known issue from the numerous complaints I have now found. It should be removed from production until the formulation is corrected."
"Looking for low carb snacks without dairy or egg (which I am allergic to), I thought this would be a great snack. It tasted awesome - but I read the label (my fault for not doing sooner) and saw it contains milk. Would get 5 stars if I could eat it. Ingredient list is missing from Amazon website, and that information would have been nice to know before I ordered. However, at least the guys in the house love the taste."
"My cats love this brand of food, especially the salmon and turkey flavors. However, they leave the peas and carrots behind. Which makes me feel like I'm not getting my money's worth! However, I've started squishing the carrots into the food, and they seem to be leaving less in their bowls. After trying many brands of canned foods, this is one of the few that they eagerly eat, and it doesn't smell as bad as some."
"This is very easy to use and it is good. It is not as good as the butter chicken curry. It is good with onions - I like it heavy on onions and bell peppers and just a bit of chicken - about 1 cup cut up. It does complement rice well. I can really taste the cinnamon in this one, and that keeps the balance off just enough to make it good and enjoyable, but not GREAT."
"Lentils are as staple of our diet, and these are great. There actually is a noticeable difference in taste from standard store bought lentils. I love that they are certified GMO free and the packaging is quaint and rustic. But, really, the flavor and the knowledge of where it came from are the biggest selling points for me, and the price for the quantity is spot on also. I will buy these again for sure. Enjoy!"
"I ordered these to stay awake during some late study sessions. They have done the job well, without the 'crash' an energy drink leaves you with. They are very strong and bold. I do 2 brews with one cup- one on large the large setting and one on small setting. This fills a travel mug and it is not watered down with the two brews, still very strong. Flavor is excellant, better than some of the other k-kups I have tried."
"This is a delicious blend of grains, Israeli couscous and chick peas that can be cooked quickly and is easy to accomodate many cuisines as a side or main dish. This is a dish that I am comfortable serving to my family as well as guests. However, I recommend that you buy it at Trader Joe's because they sell it for $2.69 per package. If you don't have one near you ask a friend who does to buy a dozen and mail them to you."
"It's the original formula, folks! The other reviewers are right. It's not like the mix in the can. The company changed the formula for the canned cappuccino and now the only way you can get the original product is to buy it in these bags. I'm thrilled I could find it and will keep ordering it as long as it's carried. The new stuff in the can is totally different from the product that used to be in there."
"It is just an OK product, I don't feel it is that sweet and does seem to have an odd flavor to it. I guess it depends on the person some love it some hate and some just like it. I won't buy it but it isn't horrible. I have been using stevia and some honey for sweetening most of the time so maybe my tastes are different. Get a sample of it before you buy a large container to see if you like it"
"when i read the description of this product it said ""no added sugar"" so i purchased it thinking it had NO ADDED SUGAR. but the ingredients list 'high fructose corn syrup'. this is just down right devious to describe the product as having no sugar added but have hfcs in it. they didn't let you see the ingredient label online and then it's not returnable to boot. it's an out right royal rip-off and i am very HIGHLY dissatisfied with the whole transaction!!!!!"
"The Melitta Cafe Collection ""Classique Supreme"" coffee is good - make no mistake about that - it's good coffee. It's a VERY FINE grind, so it comes out strong and exceptionally flavorful. I use about 10% less of this than I do of other brands with a normal grind. It's a good price for a premium coffee, and the fine grind makes it even more economical - while still tasting like an excellent, premium coffee!"
"Soo Glad I did a Subscription! Also Did one for......<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000E63LB0"">Celestial Seasonings Green Tea, Decaf, 40-Count Tea Bags (Pack of 6) [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging</a>] I have this in Morning! :D I LOVE These...<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000LNY1D8"">Johnson S C Inc 18036 Ziploc Twist 'n Loc Containers with Leak-resistant Seal</a> & Mostly I use the Medium For Lots of stuff eg.<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001EO7INI"">Roland Tahini Pure Ground Sesame Seed, 32-ounce Cans (Pack of 2)</a> Makes it A LOT easier to use and stir it:D"
"My family loves homemade jam and we go through it so quickly that I bought this pack of 8. I am torn because I hate putting huge amounts of sugar into the jam, but this low sugar (or no sugar added) pectin doesn't do as well as the regular kind. So far I have only tried it with strawberry jam. It doesn't taste as fresh, the color of the jam is darker, and it has a weird consistency to it."
I use these to make rye bread and purchased them from Amazon because I was having a hard time finding them in my local stores. Be prepared for lots of Caraway Seeds! I'm storing them in my freezer but I don't think there will be a need to purchase more for a very long time! Price was a bit high and I would suggest lowering the price and the quantity for people who are just feeding their families and not in the catering or restaurant business.
"I had pretty high hopes for this considering how many people were saying this is a strong cuppa with lots of flavor. While it's better than all of the senseo pods or other mass marketed ones, it doesn't match up to the rich cup of joe from the Baronet Small Village blend pods. Also, the flavor from these is pretty cardboard-like and one dimensional. It's a cup of coffee. It does the job. But it's not something I'd buy again."
"These make a great alternative to rice when making stir fries. They are allergy friendly as they contain no corn or wheat. They are pretty easy to overcook but if that happens, I just throw them in a hot skillet with sesame oil and fry them up a little which gives them a great flavor and texture. Wider noodles or the large flakes are easier to cook properly it seems. They go ok with tomato based sauces as well. Over all, a pretty good product."
"Before anyone buys this they should realize it's 34% cocoa. This means the rest of the bar is basically cocoa butter. It tastes like it, too. If you're a big chocolate lover, 34% does not taste very chocolatey, and the consistency coupled with the taste is sort of gross. I would suggest at least 45% cocoa. Up to 55% is great, too. After that you'll get the more bitter dark chocolate flavor, which I also find delicious in it's own way."
"I was a huge fan of this sauce until I learned they use BPA in the can linings. Thanks to the other commenters for enlightening me to this fact. I am going to be looking for alternatives from this point forward. Here is the contact info listed if anyone would like to contact them to complain, I did. By Telephone: 1-800-624-4123 between (7:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. CT, weekdays) By Letter: Small Planet Foods P.O. Box 9452 Minneapolis, MN 55440"
My son has used this product for swimming - since he had his braces put on. He isn't supposed to eat power bars. It's very hard to find the chocolate with low caffeine. That and the price at our local bike shop was $1.27. So not only was this convenient - free shipping with two boxes (no gas expense) - it was only $1.00 per packet. Now I have enough for 6 months when his braces come off. SWIM FAST!
"I'd been looking for whole wheat orzo for awhile, and it's almost impossible to find in any grocery stores. This is a very great pasta at a reasonable price. I've been very pleased with this pasta. One thing - If you are accustomed to the enriched wheat (non-whole grain) orzo, this is a lot firmer - and another thing I've noticed is that It develops a grainy texture if I leave a pasta in the fridge overnight."
"I feel for all the hype on these noodles. I bought the six pack of the angel hair noodles. I followed directions on the package and then served them in my stir fry as my noodles. They smell like fish, and have a texture like worms. It is the most horrible thing I have ever put in my mouth. Now I have five left and can't return these things. I may try putting them outside to see if the birds or raccoons will eat them."
"This stuff just made me vomit. Literally, vomit. And I haven't vomited in years. Granted I am not normally a tea drinker, and I think I brewed it a little too strong. However, it did not taste good (very bitter, acrid, coated tongue with a certain chalkyness) and it ended up making me puke. No wonder a friend gave me an unopened bag of this stuff along with a box of other randoms she no longer wanted. No thx, tata. This is not a joke. Terrible."
"This is a product without a clear purpose. Do you use it as a taco sauce? Salad dressing? Marinade? Condiment? I used it on tacos and the results were---ehhh. The chipotle imparts a smoky, earthy flavor which doesn't pair to badly with ground beef, but it also has some chemically-tasting unpleasant undertones. Regular taco sauce and sour cream both proved superior. I wouldn't recommend this unless you're a real chipotle fan or just bored out of your gourd with traditional Mexican condiments."
"I very rarely order k-cups any more because they have gone up in price. However, I was having company over for the weekend and wanted to impress them with a variety pack of coffee. So I ordered a package of 35 sampler K-cups. At least 95 percent of the cups were vanilla flavored. Vanilla decaf, french vanilla, vanilla supreme. I don't even like french vanilla coffee. Very, Very disappointed!!!!! Were is the variety? Won't order these again."
"This food is not a good food and is not worth the money. It contains by products and lots of corn. It will make your cats fat and lazy. My friend's cat was vomiting and had been to every vet and had every test but when she switched the food to Innova Evo, the cat stopped vomiting. Do not buy this food because for the same price you can buy Evo which is grain free and made with table-grade meat. SCIENCE DIET IS GARBAGE!"
"I am not a sophisticated tea drinker. I have been experimenting and searching for the perfect tea for me. I have tried Barry's, PG Tips, standard American bags, and Yorkshire Gold. I might have really liked the Typhoo if I had not tried Yorkshire Gold at the same time. The Typhoo is similar to PG Tips, a fairly weak tea. It's good, but not great. To me, the Yorkshire Gold is superior. But, if you prefer a lighter tea, Typhoo might be perfect for you."
"I would give it 5 stars but deducted a star due to questionable quality. There were white spots all over the sweet potatoes which worried me as they looked like bacteria or something. I emailed the company and they told me that they had already tested it in a lab and it was found to be starch, which occurs naturally on sweet potatoes. But I still feel uneasy about giving it to my dogs. Why wouldn't they post this info on the bags then?????"
"Several bottles bought in California recently have no lemon flavor whatsoever. Nothing but plain fizzy water. I called Crystal Geyser's unfriendly main office to report the situation. They said it would be reported to Corporate and coupons for a couple of replacement bottles would be sent to me. Haven't received them yet. Tried another bottle today. Still no lemon flavor. Forget Crystal Geyser. I'm going back to Arrowhead brand. It's a bit more expensive, but its lemon sparkling water is reliably good."
"We gave this to our one month old son until yesterday, and then found out that the formula we have been giving him since birth was recalled. He wasn't doing too well on it. I can't imagine how quality control failed such a major corporation in baby formula. We switched to the Target brand, and surprisingly (or maybe not), our baby is doing much better now. We will never trust or go back to the Similac brand (any type)."
It's a candy. It really sticks to your teeth. The taste of honey is not so apparent as the taste of the corn sugar shell. The nutrients included are there in small amounts. I can't see this boosting your health or energy unless you ate a whole pack and then you'd feel the sugar high. It says Energy in it's name. 20 calories per piece. 5 grams of sugar carb does have energy in it. Not bad not great.
"I love the sugar free, calorie/fat free syrups for my coffee. I even put the Raspberry and Vanilla flavors in my diet soda. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's still a bit on the expensive side and I would really like to create my own variety pack and select the flavors I love most! The variety pack is cheaper than buying the bottles individually, so I will just take what I get!"
"The can of illy issimo Caffe Coffee drink is a small can and at first I thought this is too small, I was wrong!! It has a great flavor and actually did give me extra energy. I have tried other coffee drinks such as Starbucks coffee drinks and I do not really care for those. If I had to choose this over a larger can I would most definately purchase this, I plan on buying more of these."
"We've long enjoyed this brand of chip, so when we began to think seriously about limiting out salt intake we were particularly pleased to find these. Granted I bought them somewhat reluctantly because I'm a confirmed salt-aholic, generously sprinkling it on everything from eggs to green beans. I was more than pleasantly surprised as these chips have a very satisfying robust taste and are crispy to boot. How nice to be able to munch on these without worrying about too much salt."
"This bar is by no means health food. I would recommend any Kind bar over these. The are numerous sweeteners, including: brown sugar, dextrose, brown rice syrup and sugar. The primary ingredients are corn, wheat and oats which makes for a dry and crumbly product. The taste, despite all the sugar, is bland and slightly bitter from the orange peel. A drink is required. It's hard to stomach without a glass of milk because of the dryness and poor taste."
"I recently picked up a few cans of this on sale at the grocery store and was pleasantly surprised. It's not great barbecue in the classic sense, but does great anything come in a can? The cans I bought did NOT contain high fructose corn syrup, which was a nice bonus considering most store-bought barbecue sauces nowadays use HFCS. As long as Vietti doesn't use HFCS, I'll keep buying a few cans of this to keep in my pantry."
"Having received a Keurig Brewer with an assortment of coffee several years ago as a gift. I had tried many of the offerings not only preferring the Newman's own, but find that I now use it exclusively. When friends come to visit, I can be sure that the coffee drinkers among them will be pleased with the rich flavored delicious coffee vwhich is Newman's Own Special Blend, My order is now the pack of 80 cup box as the much more convenient. Pat"
"I discovered DeLallo Imported Garlic, Oil and Hot Pepper Sauce in the early 2000s and loved it, using 2-3 jars/week. My sons both loved it as well. But about a year to year and a half ago, the flavor changed, drastically and for the the worse. All three of us noticed it. It began to taste bitter. You will never convince us that the company did not change the recipe. Don't know exactly what happened, but it is a shame. Now we never buy the product."
I originally purchased these caffeinated mints for a 13-hour driving trip. They taste more minty than chocolaty. While driving I need to take three at once in order to feel a slight kick later on. They have found another use on campus for not-so-interesting classes. For that situation one keeps me entertained enough to not doze off just because I become focused on eating something. Overall I do not find these to be effective enough to justify another purchase.
"Sure it costs a bit more, but all five (yes, cinco gatos!) of my cats love it. Plus it's organic so you know you are feeding them the best and you know it's good for the earth. Has the brown rice grains around the outside of the can which is great because it allows the food to easily slip out of the can onto your kitty's plate. No wated food left sticking to the sides to scrape out."
"I discovered this at Costco also but am now buying it from Amazon. Got some on the way now. I use this everywhere. Steak, Tri-Tip, Hamburger, Pork Chops, Fish and in Soup's and Stew's. I've overdosed a few times and made things a little too salty. So go easy till you figure out the right amount for your application. But they also make a 50% less salt and a salt free version. Thanks Pappy!"
"I was pleasantly surprised that this made a frothy cup of cappuccino, all from a capsule. It wasn't as strong as I had hoped, but if you play around with the amount of water used, you can make it stronger. I gave it four starts because having froth in your cappuccino is a critical component, a key ingredient. And,I've never had such froth without using a steamer for my milk or a hand pumped frother."
"I have been using Stash teas for years but this is the first organic tea I have tried. The only thing that I can say that is different, other than the fantastic pure taste, is that it takes a little longer to brew it. Which tells me that it is about as natural as you can get! A 5 star rating is not good enough for this tea, but it is the highest I could give it here. *smile*"
"I actually have to break these in half and mold them around the pill for my dog to even eat these. I found that when he ate the whole thing (or swallowed it), he would end up vomiting it up in the end. He is 75lbs with a huge mouth so I don't know how smaller dogs would do with these. As for taste, he seemed to like this flavor the best in the beginning. Unfortunately he stopped eating them after I bought too many bags!"
"This product is both sweet and has a sharpness. I've been putting it into hot water and I find that it does the duty of a peach flavored tea but there is much less of a tea flavor. Much of it feels like juice on the tongue but it's a little sharper and more citrus-like than what I initially expected. Regardless, I do find it to be an excellent drink and hope to indulge in it for years to come."
"As others have noted, these treats are made in China as clearly stated on the bag. I didn't like that, but the news gets worse. On the back of the bag is a statement: ""Not for human consumption. Wash hands with soap and water after handling."" If I have to wash my hands after handling these things, I'm sure as hell not going to feed them to my Yorkies! As expected, Amazon graciously accepted a return."
"This is the worst gluten-free pasta I've ever cooked. I have a pot of mushy ""spaghetti."" The package actually claims it's ""not mushy!"" That's funny... I've been cooking pasta for 30 years, and this is a terrible product. Where the glowing comments are coming from, I don't know. I bought this at the grocery store. I'm going back to my faithful brand now, Jovial. I can only buy it here on Amazon or sometimes at Whole Foods. http://www.amazon.com/Jovial-Organic-Spaghetti-12-Ounce-Packages/dp/B0049IT94M/ref=sr_1_1?s=grocery&ie=UTF8&qid=1342132011&sr=1-1&keywords=jovial+gluten+free+pasta"
"Can't tell if I'm really satisfied with these or not. First, they're hard. Almost like hard candy. I tend to mix it with my cereal hoping that they'll soften from the milk but they don't always do. I'm not sure if you can really benefit from these. They're so dried that they seem ""lifeless"" as in the majority of goji benefits have been sucked out. I won't be buying these again unless I see improvement from eating the rest of these hard goji berries."
"I took one bite of one of these things and had to throw all the rest of them away. The taste is indescribably yucky, sort of sweet yet caustic. The worst part is the TEXTURE! It was like trying to bite through soggy cardboard. Utterly disgusting. I guess if you were trapped in a collapsed coal mine and awaiting rescue and there was NOTHING else to eat, you might choose this over a coal-mine rat, but it would be a hard choice."
"Switching to this from the Gerber helped reduce our baby's spit-up issues almost as much as switching from Enfamil to Similac. We had originally gotten a diagnosis of acid reflux and a prescription of Prilosec, but after switching to Similac Spit-up and Beech-Nut rice, we really don't need it anymore. Love this stuff. I read somewhere that the Gerber rice had some extra not-so-kosher ingredients too, not sure if that's related. Definitely sticking with the Beech-Nut for the time being."
"I try to choose healthy snacks when I have the option, and I was pleased to see this brand available in a variety pack. While these fruit snacks are easy to tote around and very good for you, the taste and texture missed the mark with me. All of the flavor varieties were a bit too tough and chewy. The green apple was tart enough to make my eyes water, but the other three flavors were fairly good."
"I have never liked French Roast Coffee because the taste was too strong for me. When I made this coffee, I enjoyed my first cup of french roast in a long time. I sat down with my bagel and my coffee and had an enjoyable morning. My stomach didn't get upset and I didn't need an anacid. Yippee. The cost is high though but what I save on anacids makes it more affordable. For those of us with a touchy stomache, this is a great product."
"I just purchased the can from Whole Foods. I noticed that when opening it, one of the sardines had a strange looking brown spot as if it had been in contact too long with the lid. Also, I noticed un-uniform color around the back fins; it was and old yellow-like color. The taste was metallic. I was also put off that they ship these way to Vietnam which it loses it's freshness with all the shipping and handling. Can someone please explain the color and taste?"
"At $16.49 a case, that's $.68 a can. NOT a deal. Even if you sign up to have this product delivered regularly for $14.02, that's still $.58 a can, which is still no bargain. PetsMart sells this product for $.53 if you have a PetPerks card; Walmart sells it for $.53 period. If you live in an area that has no Walmart or PetsMart, I suggest shopping around a bit -- there's bound to be a better deal somewhere on the Internet."
"I have used Sugar Twin most of my life, since my Mom discovered it when I was a child. I do not use any other sugar substitute. There is no after taste or side effects. The calorie free aspect also helps me keep my weight loss going in the correct direction. Sugar Twin stays fresh in the closet as long as it's a dry area. I have not found a local store that carried Sugar Twin so being able to order it is the perfect solution."
"I've got this herb a month ago and checked it for a smell - there was some (not very sharp) when rubbed between fingers. I'd poured a week's worth of use, and close the rest of package tightly, but smell/taste is gone by now completely. I don't know why is it - I have used herbs for a long time, never had this experience. It is dissappointing - it was too good to be true thing."
"This Coffee People Dark Roast, Jet Fuel is just the right answer for a Great Morning Beginning for me. It is just the right amount of flavor and it has just the right amount of 'kick' to get me going with a smile on my face. Amazon got it right in advertising this one. A Happy Camper Morning Person here in DC. . . .Laura<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0029XLH4Y"">Coffee People Dark Roast, Jet Fuel, K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50)</a>"
"My husband and I are always searching for better coffee...and seemingly there seems to be something wrong with them all! LOL I have finally decided that Yuban is without fail MY favorite coffee...it has no aftertaste, is not bitter in any way and it remains constant can after can. On that note, my husband can go grabbing different can after and grinding himself silly if he wishes; complaining about each one...I'm settled on Yuban forevaaaaaaa. : )"
This is a product that I have used when I lived in NY state. I loved the Pussy Cat Mix but use this now from a receipe that the company gave me. I cannot buy the any Bartenders mix here in Arizona so I am delighted to be able to get it through Amazon. The service is great. I forgot to mention that company is not making Pussy Cat Mix any longer. All good things come to an end.
"Back To Nature Golden Honey Oat Grahams definitely have better ingredients than the popular store bought graham crackers, but they do sacrifice some taste when compared to them. They do taste quite good considering most of the garbage that the average graham cracker contains has been removed. They're healthier too. The texture is a little drier and more brittle than most graham crackers. They also have less taste. I did enjoy them though, and if you're looking for a healthier snack, I would definitely recommend them."
Bob's Red Mill products are always high quality and the gluten free rolled oats are no exception. They are very fresh and taste wonderful. I almost gave up oatmeal since gluten free oats are so expensive. Purchasing them here makes them affordable. They do contain occasional hulls - more than I recall finding in other brands. But there are not so many that it makes them unappealing. The flavor is very fresh and I eat them every morning.
"This tea has an awfully light flavor. I use this powder to make green tea lattes and green tea frappes. Very tasty. I generally shake 12 ounces cold milk, 2-3 packets of this tea powder, and 1 ounce simple syrup, then pour it over ice. Tho make the frappe, I blend the same ingredients with ice, instead of pouring it over ice. It is annoying that to make a small drink I need to use 2-3 times more than expected."
"I have to be upfront and tell you my family loves these but I do not. I do not like baked Lays or Pringles either. This product reminded me of them, not the same but similar. My son wanted me to try them and then invest in the company. I am glad so many people like them but I will pass on eating them and it looks like it is a private company.... So no stock either."
"I've tried a wide selection of k-cups including the big names like Starbucks, Tully's, Donut House, Dunkin Donuts, etc and they all have something in common.. either too watery (weak) or too bitter (strong). I tried Breakfast in Bed based on the reviews and I was not disappointed. It's flavorful without being strong or weak. It's hard to get a cup of coffee from a Keurig that tastes like it was brewed like a normal coffee machine.. this k-cup is the exception.. I'll be stocking up."
"Mrs Wages salsa mix packages provide everything you need for good salsa except for your own home grown tomatoes. I prefer the mild over the medium, but the mild is difficult to find. I like the mild because then I can add my own jalapenos to get the flavor I want. This product saves you from having to chop all those smelly onions and saves time too. All in all a good product our family has enjoyed for years."
This candy is terrific especially for sugar free. My only complaint was I bought three candy items from this vendor and they put them all in a bag which cost little to send it but they charged me an exhorbitant amount to ship it to me. I won't buy from them again because of this. they could have put them all in a priority mail box and got them to me faster and cost would have been little to even rush them to me. Terribly disappointed.
"Our very smart, very small dog, who is a Papillon and Jack Russel mix, really enjoys this toy. However, I find it frustrating that the cube just won't come apart for cleaning as it is supposed to. We actually returned the first one we bought because it wouldn't open, but the replacement cube won't either. The hygiene issue is unpleasant for the owner--but I guess it's not such a big deal, since from the dog's point of view, clean things are less fun than dirty ones!"
"I love this coffee. As I get older, my stomach can't seem to take the really strong blends. Breakfast Blend is perfect. Great flavor without hurting my stomach. Amazon has the best price with free shipping. I only wish I could start an automatic refill of my order. Update 9-1-12 Yea!!! This coffee can finally be ordered with an automatic refill. I am always guaranteed the lowest price and don't have to worry about searching for it. I am one happy Amazon, coffee lover."
"Each packet makes about 3/4 cup of soup, which is smaller than I expected. The miso itself is white, rather than the brown shown on the packaging. The miso has a decent flavor, though. I'm more disappointed with the other elements of the soup, such as the tofu and seaweed. The soup doesn't contain very many of these extras, and the items that are there are chopped into pieces that are too tiny to really taste."
"I purchased two bags of this dogfood, after one week of feeding the newman brand, my dog started vomiting after eating, she had gas all the time and lied around whimpering due to stomach ache, after having her checked for a stomach disorder, I took her off the newman dogfood and the symptoms disappeared. I have sent three emails to newman dogfood website, no replies or acknowledgement, phone number not available, the dogfood is expensive and THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NON EXISTENT."
"I am a big fan of Earl Grey tea, because not only does it taste good, but I love the way it smells. I decided recently to try to switch to green tea because of the health benefits but I find I don't like most green teas out there. This one, however, is great. It tastes good and has the wonderful aroma that I like. I hope they keep making this for a long time because I will be drinking it!"
"We ordered two canisters of Yuban coffee from Amazon which was promptly delivered right to our door step. The day after receiving it, local stores advertised the same product at a lower price! However we did save on the gas it required to buy it at the store! But even the price of gas dropped! I was disappointed with the Yuban flavor, but realize to get a higher quality taste you must pay the difference. We probably will do that after we've consumed the Yuban."
"This blend of rice, wheat berries, and rye berries is delicious. I'm using it in soups, cassaroles, and by itself as a side dish. Usually, I put it in my rice cooker and in about 45 minutes it is ready to be eaten. I plan to purchase more of this product. I haven't found it in my local grocery stores, so it is wonderful to be able to order it, and have it arrive in just a few days in excellent condition."
"On a recent visit to New Orleans, we took a cruise down the Mississippi on the Steamboat Natchez. The Blood Mary we each had was amazing, especially compared to the New England variety we were used to drinking. When we returned home, we e-mailed the Steamboat Company through their website, and they graciously told us what brand of mix they use, and it is Zing Zang. Now we have a little bit of New Orleans in a bottle."
"I had a cup of this coffee in the morning, and really did enjoy it. It definitely has a robust flavor like they claim. It reminded me of Starbucks coffee with it's dark roast flavor. But it isn't quite as strong, which I like. I'm one of the few who think Starbucks coffee has too much ""roast"". I haven't tried any other low acid coffees, so I can't compare. But this is a flavorful coffee. One I will try again."
We have a toothless older small dog and this is perfect for him to eat since he licks his food and this is healthy for him too and cheaper than the canned foods at the vets and other places! So hard to find soft/canned food that our dogs like and our other dog has upset stomack troubles and with this she doesn't get sick if she eats late in the day and loves it. Our dogs are so picky too. This is great!
"I like to flavor my water or I will not drink as much as I need to. But, I dislike all the artifical flavoring and especially, all the artifical colorings added to most drink mixes. With these you can add a light peachy flavor by adding to a regular bottle of water or a sweet peach drink adding to 12 oz water. Too bad it has to cost more just to have water flavorings that are not full of artifical stuff!"
"My dog either loves this food, or hates it - it depends on the batch. Some of them she won't touch, and others she wolfs down before I can blink an eye. I always buy this food in bulk as it saves heaps of money - and 90% of the time it's good value for money (until you get a bad batch, and have to buy another bag because your dog won't eat it). Overall, 4 star rating."
These are great and totally adictive. I agree with other reviews that unfortuantly they do often come a bit broken but I can live with that. The alternative would be to have massives of packaging to protect them and surely we don't want any more excessive packaging. Let's not encourage suppliers to do that. What's a broken cracker compared to a broken planet? I just save the whole ones for entertaining and enjoy the broken ones as my snack! They are delicious whole or broken!
I do not like the taste of this Black Cherry drink at all. I haven't tried other Zevia's but this one has a strong fake after taste. I only use Stevia sweetened products and was excited to find another one. I won't be buying any of the Zevia again. I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because I am planning to drink them rather than pour them out. I have tried mixing it to help but the taste comes through mixed with juices also.
"When I opened the package, I only found 11 packets of the Honey Stingers. There should have been 12. I counted and re-counted 4 times to be sure. The packets were in a thin cardboard display box, wrapped in a sealed plastic bag, and shipped in a sturdy cardboard box. I don't really want to go through the hassle of returning the item, so I guess I'm out a pack. It'd be nice if amazon shipped me one more packet! ;-)"
"I found Lemon Lime Zevia undrinkable. I love Mt. Dew, Sprite & Squirt but this certainly isn't like any of them. It has way too much of a strong artificial citrus flavor -- it should probably be diluted to 1/10 of its current strength. I like the Zevia Cola and Root Beer flavors but this is definitely not in the same league. Same goes for the Mountain Zevia. I'll be throwing the remainder of the 6-pack in the trash."
"I poured boiling water over the pod and worked it over really well with a spoon until the water was good and dark. This produced a good, full bodied coffee with a rich taste. For my next cup, I put the pod in a French press and let it set for a few minutes before pressing, and the flavor improved even more. If you don't have a single pod brewer, this is the way to brew an excellent, environmentally-friendly cup of coffee from the individual packets."
"I love coffee and just out of curiosity requested to review this product. This product is first class all the way down to the packaging! Not only do you get a carton of coffee pods that taste great, you won't mind displaying this on your counter for all your friends to see either. I liked this coffee so much that I ended up following Marley coffee on facebook and twitter both! Organic and tasty, I suggest you try this coffee!"
"I had high hopes when I opened the tin and was greeted by the aroma of tea and oil of Bergamot. The aroma of this tea is just spectacular. Unfortunately, the taste doesn't live up to the smell. It's okay, but somewhat bland, and nowhere near the transport of ecstasy promised by the aroma. From now on I'll stick with the foil-wrapped Bigelow earl gray teabags from my local grocery store, which don't smell as good but which taste much better than this tea."
I have used Ryvita for about a year as I find it is an excellent source of fiber and can provide an excellent low calorie lunch. Just take one and spread avocado and light laughing cow cheese and top with chopped cucumber and a little salt and pepper. Calories are only about 100 and it is a satisfying lunch ... even if you have two. The price was excellent but would like to see a case of 10 with mixed types.
"These ae not gluten-free. It is my own fault for not reading more carefully but I was searching for Snyder's Gluten Free Pretzels and this product and one other Synders product were the results. Unsalted was an added bonus for me so I did my one-click order. They are not gluten free,they are not sodium free. They are good but I'm disappointed with myself for not reading more carefully although I don't know why they came up under Synder's gluten free and first on the list."
"These almonds are nothing short of incredible- they are so delicious! If you are trying to follow a low-carb lifestyle (for dietary reasons or weight loss) and need a 'sweet fix' after meals, then this is a wonderful option - only 6 g. Net carbs! And the taste is so yummy! They are just sweet enough! I'm so glad that amazon sells them in bulk, because I could easily go through one container in a week!"
"This cake was just ok. It's a bit too soggy and for the price, it runs very small. I much prefer the rum cake from Fantasicakes I ordered last month. You get so much more cake, so much more flavor. The quality is easy to see and taste. Tortuga has great packaging, so I love the box more then anything. But I'm not buying this cake for it's packaging, And for me, it just didn't live up to the hype. Tortuga is good, not great."
"Warning to other dog owners: the edible Nylabones are extremely dangerous for dogs with a big & greedy appetite. My dog swallowed it whole within 30 seconds of giving it to her and choked on it. She was fully unconscious before I could dislodge the bone and breathe into her nose to bring her back to life... We almost lost her over this bone. If your dog is a greedy chewer or eater, then please don't buy edible Nylabones."
"Bought the Original flavor from the store and just tried them tonight. They were very greasy and salty. I did not like them a lot. I will not purchase this original flavor again. However I can't complain because I got the 3 ounce bag for only $1.00 at the store while they were on sale. I tried the BBq flavor and they are delicious. I bought the sea salt & vinegar, and cheddar but haven't tried those yet."
"Ok, so I don't normally use strong language but after receiving a free sample of Lipton Mango Pineapple Iced Green Tea Mix I couldn't spit far enough. Sweetened with honey? Right. Read the fine print. This is a cocktail of artificial and ""natural flavor"", stuff that should never be in a fine brew. It leaves an after taste that just won't go away and to put it nicely, well . . I can't put it nicely. Awful awful stuff! This one doesn't deserve a rating."
"She's eaten earths best since she was 10 weeks old; in addition to her formula. I was amazed when she started to spew this out of her mouth. She spit out every bite. It must not be that good. After 4 different meal attempts with this, she wouldn't even eat it if I mixed it with fruit. I tell you, it really must not taste all that great if she acted that way. She eats all kinds of things."
"The first thing I noticed is that it smells JUST like the canned cat food I give my cat. This was a big turn-off, but I have had good experiences with wheat gluten in the past, so I gave it a shot. The flavor is nice, and has a decent aftertaste. The texture is OK, but not what I would expect from a ""jerky"".. I would have preferred something much chewier. I did eat them, but it's not something I will purchase again."
"Very disappointed. The stuff claimed to be safe for use on asphalt roofs. I used it, and it killed the moss alright, but many of my shingles curled and cracked the day after application. Now I'll be on the roof a full day replacing shingles when I should have been finishing up other projects. I'm feeling pretty upset that the the manufacturer would say it is safe for use on the roof when it obviously is not... Couldn't be more unhappy with it..."
"I wanted to try this out because I've heard a lot of good things about Coconut Water and it sounded sweet and tasty. However...it's surprisingly bitter and not...very good at all. I am basically forcing myself to finish the bottle. Adding a spoonful of sugar has actually helped it a lot. Regardless, I highly recommend tasting a bit of it before you buy any large amount. It's probably an acquired taste, and not for me."
"These BBQ chips are crisp, well-spiced, & satisfying. I don't eat as many of these at 1 sitting as I do with regular (Lay's) BBQ chips. We were buying these at Costco for a short while. The problem with Costco is that when items become very popular, their bulk cost goes up & Costco moves on to carry something else. Not even Central Market (TX) carries these! Thanks goodness for Amazon. I am signing up for the automatic re-ordering program!"
"This is one of four or five varieties of Wellness canned food my dog has tried. At first she seemed to like it, and she ate it well. After a couple of packs(12 cans) she refused to eat it at all. This was not the only flavor she was given during this time, but she knew when it was part of her meal. I don't know what happened, but it is not on our menu any longer."
"Have pretty much tried all of the K-cup varieties available since getting our first Keurig machine about a year ago (we now have one in our weekend home as well) and this is my personal favorite - makes a nice bold cup of great-tasting coffee (particularly if you ""double brew"") that's now my first thing in the morning everyday brew! Might be a bit strong for some but great for those who like their coffee a bit stronger."
"First off I want to thank the vendor for his quick response to the order I placed. I would order from this vendor again. The problem I have is with the product itself. It has a terrible taste, nothing like pumpkin pie or even a pumpkin spice flavor. It's flavor was too high in sugar alachol tasting. THIS IS THE MANUFACTURERS PROBLEM. I HAVE PURCHASED OTHER FLAVORS FROM THIS MANUFACTURER AND THEY WERE GREAT...THIS ONE GETS A THUMBS DOWN."
"Honestly, we got these because it was cheaper per pound than the regular chips we buy. Our dog doesn't like them as much, but she also doesn't hate them so much that she finds other, inappropriate things to chew. One time I gave her one of these and she took it into her bed, but fifteen minutes later I saw the chip outside her bed while she stared at it wistfully. I didn't even know dogs were capable of being wistful about a rawhide chip."
"The picture would lead you to believe these come packed in a plactic container. Not so, they arrive lose in a small cardboard box. These are, in fact, mini packages and mini bears. I wouldn't have any problem with the size of the bears or the package, although they are slightly tough to open due to their small size. Our issue was that they were hard and stale. Have had much better luck with other vendors and Haribo products, these however, leave much to be desired."
"My standard for a good cup would be Green Mountains Extra Bold Expresso which has been hard to find for around sixty cents or less a serving so I tried this brand after my friend gave me a cup at the office. My batch was a lot weaker. Not sure if the coffee content was less than my friends batch, but I ended up packing my own Expresso coffee in the K-cup which filled the bill. George S. Oceanside NY"
"What a great way to spoil your dog! I'm glad we got a chance to try these out because the dogs enjoyed them very much. Mind you, Chloe and JJ are not picky, they'd eat a worn out gym sock if I put it on a plate and said ""yum"". But, this product is actually good for them and they enjoy it. All kidding aside, this is a quality product that your dog will enjoy, just remember to keep your socks on, eh?"
"While the product did taste exactly as it's described - pineapple with coconut - it was far too sweet for our taste. This extra sweetness is surprising in a zero-calorie drink. We decided to use our remaining bottles in mixed drinks at social events. We are fans, however, of the other flavors we tried, which had just the right amount of sweetness and bite. So, no need to avoid the entire ICE line - just, maybe, this one if you don't like super-sweet drinks."
"I was surprised that a ""modified"" pasta could taste so good. I'm not diabetic, but want to eat healthier where I can, so this pasta peaked my interest. I cooked it very simply - just added a good olive oil, salt, pepper, and dried marjoram after it was boiled (slightly undercooked) - very good. I could see where you might not stay full for long with the reduced carbs, but if you want to be able to eat pasta this is a good one to try."
"I love this coffee! I am not a strong coffee drinker and this coffee is perfect! I have no problems with it working in my Cuisinart Keurig Brewer, I aways get the perfect tasting cup of coffee. I gave it 3 stars because one of the 2 packs contained only 13 K-Cups and not the 24 that it was supposed to have. The decaf 24-count (pack of 2) arrived with the correct amount of K-cups and is as yummy as the high test!"
"I personally like loose tea best or Tazo better than this, but I live in a town where loose tea is hard to come by and I am trying to cut down on caffeine, so this tea works for me. It definitely has the typical english tea flavor, like you find at a national trust property or a museum's tea house. Amazon definitely has the best deal right now. Overall, I am happy with this tea and will purchase it again from Amazon."
"About a third of the cans arrived with major dents in them. No wonder they get put for sale through the mail - no one would ever buy these off the shelf. That being said, there is an odd taste in here I can't put my finger on - I think it is unusually bitter - I add some cumin and fresh tomato and that dilutes the odd flavor a bit and it turns into some pretty good chili."
"I have been giving my senior dog these pill pockets for about two years now. Up until recently they've been great. However, they seem to have changed the formula and now she hates them. I have to shove them down her throat and often get bit in the process. Because I have to give her so many pills a day, I buy them in bulk and now have a closet full of these losers in every flavor. So disappointing."
"There's absolutely nothing bad to say about ZICO in the new bottle. It's a win-win. It's super healthy, super delicious, convenient, and portable. And it's environmentally friendly in at least 2 ways - the bottle and cap are recyclable, and we're not paying to ship water across the ocean!! We have got to move in this direction for the health of the planet. YOU have got to move in this direction for the health of your bod!!"
"My dog loves these things, item as advertised. However they stink! They especially stink once they get wet from dog slobber. Two rooms away we smell the awful stink. One time my husband gave the dog one of these while I was sleeping, and the awful smell woke me up. Now it's an outdoor only treat. We've had no choking scares which I see people mention, but my dog enjoys chewing things up, and thoroughly chews up everything before trying to swallow."
"I found these bars to be okay. If I was in a pinch and really needed something to eat, these bars would serve their purpose. I could barely taste the peanut butter and the bars had a mealy texture that I didn't enjoy. Maybe it's the fact that I'm not a die-hard chocolate lover, but I would have enjoyed a drizzle of chocolate on top of the bar rather than the hard layer at the bottom."
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"First of all I have to say that I love dark chocolate and this product sounded like something that I would have liked. But as it turns out, I really didn't like the way it tasted, as a matter of fact, I couldn't even finish the bar. I try to eat healthy and I think it's great that they came out with a healthier product, but unfortunately I feel that in doing that, they sacrificed the flavor and I just didn't care for it."
"I bought both the rice and oatmeal 6 packs. The cans clearly state they use Life's DHA (manufactured by Martek). If you research Martek (including their own site), you will find that they use hexane to extract the DHA from algae. Shame on Happy Baby for lying to parents by saying that they do not use any DHA extracted with hexane. Will never reccommend this product to anyone. Also, all the cans that I opened smelled rancid. I prefer Gerber Organic with Smart Nourish instead."
"My daughter loves these crackers with some peanut butter on them. They do come in two small packages inside the box. These crackers are good for poeple who can't eat wheat or gluten but not if you have other allergies. This product does contain soy,eggs, milk and sesame. Great cracker at least according to my 4 year old ( she has never really had wheat so doen't know what products that contain wheat should taste like)."
"I've been an avid tea drinker since I was a kid, so I can say I'm a little picky. Dr. Oz recommended organic oolong to perk up metabolism (I think), so I thought I'd try this one. It is a great price and the quality of tea is excellent. I can't imagine what happened to the other reviewer's order so that it was all powdery, etc. Give it a try, I don't think you'll be disappointed!"
"Yuck! The photo of the product label for these Barry Farm cherries is not the same as the actual label, it omits any mention of High Fructose Corn Syrup. I ordered these through Amazon because I believed they had less toxic ingredients than the grocery-store cherries, but they're equally bad, HCFS is the 3rd listed ingredient on the cartons I received. I'm returning all the candied cherries I received from Barry Farm and won't order from them again."
We purchased the baby breeza TWICE! Had to return it for different reasons..I even tried calling the 1-800 # for them to talk to me over to phone to see if I was doing something wrong but I had to leave a message. They still have not called back. So as for making baby food easier to make. Honestly I just make them over the stove if I need to steam or cook my baby's food then give them a spin in my blender...
"We only buy organic natural foods without any hydrogenated oil or MSG. These chips are the best we have ever tried. We like the other Garden of Eatin' flavors we have ordered, but these hot spicy blues are the best. Truly if you like spicy you will crave these and nothing else will do. Even our 9-yr-old loves them! As of this writing we are down to 1 bag and they are currently unavailable - Amazon, please BRING THESE BACK!"
"After a summer grill party where the door was kept open all day/ food was out on the countertops, we developed a horrible fly infestation in our home. My husband bought this trap and it did not work, not one fly was caught. I ended up putting a tiny smear of honey on one side and that actually worked, the next day I counted over 30 flies on the thing. But by itself, it does nothing to 'attract' flies."
"My labrador LOVES all the treats from Dogswell ! However, all of the Dogswell Jerky treats I have come across are Made In China. As a dog lover, I cannot knowingly give my dog a product from China. It does say ""cage-free"", but really? I'm not sure. BUT DOGSWELL Jerky Bars are Made in the USA & my dog loves this just as much! So bad news on the regular jerky, but upside: Dogswell has some USA products too!"
"For the price you could get an oil that actually deserves the name ""extra-virgin"" (that refers to the QUALITY of the oil by the way, and not the ORIGIN). Look up the recent consumer reports review on extra virgin olive oils and try one of those. I put up with this one until my brother in law gave us a couple of Sciabica's (also available at Amazon), what an unbelievable difference. Won't use this pig swill again."
"I agree with the reviewer that the vanilla flavor in this is very prominent. In fact, it pretty nearly wiped out any flavor of the ""Indian Spice"" that is in this tea. Barely a hint of the cardamom, cinnamon, black pepper and other flavors that are supposed to be in here. I have been drinking Chai for years and have never come across a single one that had vanilla. Now I know why. Stay away if you want a traditional Chai."
"Because of allergies to wheat and corn I decided to give Dogswell products a try. This is the first dry dog food my dogs will eat without adding gravy or meat or veggies or leftovers and they do so eagerly. It smells good enough for me to eat and they haven't scratched since they started on this product. Amazon's price is cheaper than I can get locally so not only is the food good, it's a bargain at that. I love you Amazon!"
"I purchase a variety of organics for my family to minimize the chemicals, herbicides, pesticides and fungicides. Apparently, organic certification does NOT include the restriction of BPA or Bisphenol-A. BPA is in many canned foods including this canned organic pumpkin manufactured by Farmers Market as of April, 2010. Read about there acknowledgment. BPA has recently been banned by New York State for products intended for children. With that said, do the homework. [...] [...]"
"<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001LGGH40"">The Switch Kiwi Berry, 8.3 Ounce Cans (Pack of 24)</a>When you grave carbonated beverages,such as soda, but do not want the bad parts of soda. This drink is for you. The flavor is light and fruit, but not sweet. The drink is a healthy choice, it contains vitamin C, no caffeine, and is refreshing. My 7 year old daughter loved it, and she is extremely fussy. If you are trying to stop drinking soda, this is the drink for you."
Beans arrived and were promptly ground and brewed. Upon tasting I noticed the coffee was a fair bit weaker than I remember when visiting Sant'Eustachio in Rome. 3/4 through the can of beans I flipped over the can and noticed the date. 2007. Wow. Talk about super expired out dated beans. Given the other reviewers postings -- I'd give up and just buy beans from somewhere else. It won't be the same but won't be as disappointing as these ones.
"These may be good for you, but they taste absolutely terrible. I'm a huge fan of healthy food that is good for you, but these taste HORRIBLE. They taste very little like fruit and very much like sulfates and preservatives. I would return them if I could, they aren't even palatable. I tried to give them away for free and failed, the only way I might be able to choke these down would be in sugared oatmeal. Not even space food, just definitely not food."
"Let's be honest. 0 calories? Not likely. But I believe they are within their rights to say 0 calories if it is less than 5 calories per serving. So even if you ate the whole jar in one sitting, it would be less than 60 calories. This flavor of dip is by far my favorite of the Walden Farms dips. It's a nice alternative to plain vegetables. If you've had ranch dip before, I think you will find this to be similar."
"I usually put creamer in my coffee, and I thought previous reviewers were probably nuts to think that a K-Cup coffee could produce something that didn't need sweetener. Wrong! This truly doesn't need any sweeteners/creamers. It's sweet and creamy all its own! Very good! EDITED: I love sweet coffee, but after three times of trying it I've decided this is WAY too sweet, and I wouldn't buy it again. I changed my rating from 5 to 3 stars."
"I can purchase an 18 pack of these at Target for $11.99 (that's $0.61/cup) instead of the much-too-high $0.85 per cup price here. Beware Amazon Prime members....K cups aren't a good deal on Amazon, despite the free two day shipping. The coffee itself is GREAT. I basically like a cup of mud, as bold as it gets. This is that, with a great burnt taste and wonderful aroma. HIGHLY recommend the coffee, but get it at Target."
"I thought Organic would be a great choice. We were doing OK on Gentlease, but I like to cut out the garbage where and when I can. Between the ingredients on the can and the baby's reaction, we didn't go very far with this. The Earth's Best rice cereal is a hit. I guess it's a matter of baby preference. Seems like he threw up more than usual while we tried to transition. Pay close attention to the ingredients also."
"These are seriously delicious, especially if you like plain potato chips. My only concern is they're very oily. I understand they're ""kettle chips"" and they're ""fried"" (small batches and all) but when you open the bag (That's another thing, very strong bag! Need scissors!) there's a coating of oil on the inside of the bag and on the chips themselves. I suggest a blot/shake on some paper towels before consuming. Either way, they have a yummy potato taste, and very satisfying crunch. Delicious!"
"Honestly I love a cup of Earl Grey. But When the SAME brand of tea comes in a box of 120 for 17 dollars, you have to see past the gimmick. Without a K-Cup in the dispenser.. the Keurig machine dispenses hot water.. Just put a tea bag in your cup and press brew and you'll have a cup of earl gray. Don't go out of your way to blow all that money for what? 1 minute?"
"My baby does not like this kind. I do not like it either, it tastes fishy. Salmon is good for baby brain development. I tried to put butter or some seasoning to cover the fishy taste, but my son still does not want to eat it. He like other happy baby product like spinah, mango and pear, blue berries, banana and beet and broccoli, pear and peas. This one needs seasoning or I will not eat it either."
My American Bulldog puppy absolutely loved these bully sticks! They are individually wrapped & very high quality. One or two of the sticks did have a very strong smell but my dog seemed even more attracted to them since they smelled so strong. The odor didn't really bother me like it did some of the other reviewers. I was thrilled that my dog had something constructive to chew on & I will definitely buy these again!
"I buy at least 4 packs a week, so I wish they cost less! I even tried stuffing real p-nut butter in other bones, but my 2 bichons could tell the difference. Like the first reviewer, my dogs are crazy about these little bones. It's no use trying to give them something else. Only these will do. Once they suck all the p-nut butter off, they want a new bone. So, they are limited to one per day. Great little product."
"I've tried several brands of gluten-free pasta, and Tinkyada is my favorite. Good flavor and texture, keeps well in the refrigerator, and heats up well in the microwave. Just follow the directions on the package, and get great results every time. They also include ""Easy and Energy-Saving Cooking"" instructions (boil for 2 minutes, cover and let sit for 20), which I use during hot weather - the pasta still comes out great, and my kitchen stays cooler. Win-win!"
"The PB2 is everything it said it was. When you mix the 2 tbls of pb2 with 1 tbsp of water just make sure you do not put in extra water as it is mushy and doesn't taste right. If you do it correctly it is the exact replica of real pb and taste just like it. i would definitly purchase it again from this seller as it arrived in good condition very quickly, it only took 2 days."
"I've been getting these treats for the last year for my two senior dogs. Both have had various hip and joint problems in the past, but have not had any problems since they've been taking these. And they love them! I've tried all the flavors, and have not had a problem with them eating it. They think it's a yummy treat, and get excited when I pull them out. I would definitely recommend for anyone with older dogs."
"These are delicious and a perfect on-the-go snack for me and my little boy. I love the texture -- a little firm around the edges and soft in the middle -- and the filling is sweet, but not overpowering. I've compared the nutritional facts with a few popular organic or specialty-kids' fruit bars, and these have less sugar (and no high fructose corn syrup) and more fiber. Of course, it's still processed food, but overall, it's pretty healthy, tastes great, and is an affordable quick snack."
"I love love this cheese, the price is great and the texture is amazing. I've been buying from this company for a while and I don't have any complaint. this cheese taste just like the italian cheese that you would spend a lot of money on and while you can get this one twenty times cheaper! getting ready to order more because I cook a lot with it but it always last me for four months which is a lot with six people in my family."
"I've been using Stevia for several years now... until buying this type, I had always purchased the clear Stevia. I just threw out the rest of the bottle of this brown Stevia today.... I use Stevia to sweeten iced tea, and the clear works like a charm. The brown, however, seems to congeal at the bottom and also adds a bit of an ""off"" taste. I'd suggest you stick with either the clear stevia or the powder."
"Most dogs LOVE Greenies, and they are supposed to be great for their teeth, but they are also quite expensive. I found this 96 count package on Amazon for under 25.00!!!! Note that this is the petite size as I have little dogs, so if you are looking for the larger Greenies you need to check the pricing. The product arrived within a couple of days, and is a great value. Normally a package of 6 or so petite Greenies cost aprox 7.00!"
"It could be that they simply aren't my type of gummi candy but I was not to fond of these. They were a little rubbery and the cherry flavor was very weak. I could tell the flavor, but if I hadn't known (and they weren't shaped like cherries) it may have taken me a few tries. I ended up throwing a fair portion of these away, not because they were gross or anything, but they just weren't good enough to warrant the calorie cost."
"I know a lot of people don't want to hear this, but fructose is a major cause of metabolic syndrome, gout, and many other conditions. It doesn't go into your blood stream so it doesn't raise blood glucose, but it doesn't just go away; it goes to your liver and is turned to triglycerides. High fructose corn syrup is only about half fructose. Agave is almost pure fructose, so it is twice as bad. Fructose is fructose whether it comes from cactus or corn."
"I have tried carob chips for years and always walked away swearing I would never try them again. However, I took a chance on the sweetened carob chips from Barry Farms as their carob powder is so much better than any other that I have tried over the years. I used them in chocolate chip cookies and they are absoultely, hands down, the best I have ever tased. I ordered more just to keep in the pantry!"
"I used to love this stuff- until I figured out how to properly season and cook a steak. Now it simply tastes horrible. Instead of complementing the natural flavor of the steak, it ruins it. Your expensive steak ends up tasting like flavored beef jerky. Speaking of beef jerky, this marinade somehow hardens the meat instead of softening it. 1 star. Recommended only if you are completely inept at cooking, or dislike the natural flavor of steak."
"We all can see that these are mass produced processed cookies destined to sit on grocery store shelves and occasionally find their way into one's basket and eventually tummy. In that context, these are good enough, but they fair to excite or live up to the promises implied in the packaging. That being said, you can do far worse in the cookie aisle, and these may do the trick for you, just don't expect more than these can offer."
"I ordered Nutritional yeast from Berry Farms. Order was supposed to be shipped within 24 hours, however, it took 4 days for them to even start to ship it...This is unacceptable in my opinion especially since this was an in stock item. As I am still waiting for product to arrive though its been 12 days I can not tell you how good the product is. Will not order from this company again no matter how good the product is.."
"I loved it. Tim Burton made a great movie with a simple story, a great imagination and cool actors(Winona Ryder is VERY young in this one:) and I couldn't imagine Alec Baldwin with such sense of humour. Michael Keaton is sensational and the FX, 15 years old are still very correct. Beetlejuice is a very funny character and you can't wait for the moment when finally he becomes free to act. Just say BEETLEJUICE three times and have a great laugh."
"I love the idea of being able to buy different flavors from different companies. However, this mix was more expensive than those purchased with bed bath and beyond coupon and my box included a lot of holiday flavors which are on sale now anyway. I would not have purchased the mix if I knew they were included as I could have bought a sampler box of these flavors from my local store. I hope the company adds more variety without using sampler mixes."
"My dogs absolutely love these treats, but I'm not so sure about the dental benefits. The dogs don't seem to have any less tartar on their teeth although their breaths are a little fresher. I still need to use toothpaste and a toothbrush to clean their teeth and the harder rawhide type chews seem to work better on the tartar. I will still give these treats to my dogs because they really like the taste and texture."
"I was introduced to the Blair chips by a friend. I mostly ignore potato chips because I really don't like them. However, these I like the most among all the chips in the Blair line. They are savory and can be eaten rapidly. The hot chips are good because they are so hot, I cannot eat them fast. I am so happy I cannot get them at local stores because I would eat them all the time."
I love these pops but I wish I could be able to find the sugar free strawberry pop. No one in the state has them. I love this brand of pops they are creamy.There is not one flavour that I dislike. The downfall is that I have seen them at a lover price for the same quantity in other sites.I have given them as a gift before and people love them. I am still waiting for the other kind of cremosa to be available.
"I have been using Sambazon Acai powder for a number of years and have always been extremely satisfied with the quality of the product. However, the latest shipment I received from Beepco llc (Sun Light Savings) is of a very poor quality. The powder is a brown color (usually it's dark purple) and it smells rancid. Amazon is sending me a replacement order. Hopefully the quality will be better this time or we will quit using this product altogether."
I have an 80 lbs Greyhound that poops like a horse. He can easily fill a bag on a single walk. The bags are the right size and have not torn. Nothing is worse than using a bag to quickly realize you are literally picking up dog doo with a naked hand. These have saved my hand from the cheap bags my wife keeps buying from the pet store. You could put a softball in these things.
"I like this blend very well, its the next best thing to my favorite. Dark Magic isn't as strong as the name suggests but compared to Jet Fuel and wake up call this is the strongest. If money is no object, consider plugging Kona Coffee into Google, then select a seller and order Peaberry Kona. At about $17.00 for 8 oz its the most expensive available. But I absolutely frigging guarantee it'll be the best, richest and most satisfying cup of coffee you've ever had."
"First let me say, there is no fault on the part of the seller. Instead the blame lies 100% with Betty Crocker. I had this for dinner tonight. Despite adding the more expensive white tuna, this stuff was simply vile. I cannot believe they can get repeat buyers selling this garbage. Unless you are starving or perhaps have no taste buds, I would avoid eating this at all costs. There are 1000's of simple recipes on the web that taste one hundred times better. Never again!"
"I bought this because others have said that this was really good decaffeinated coffee. When I opened my package,I was disappointed that there was no aroma. None! I was also disappointed with the lack of flavor. I checked the expiration date on the bottom of the package and the date was three months from expiration. Perhaps I received a batch that had been mishandled somehow. Basically it had little flavor and in my opinion it was also slightly more acidic than what I expected."
This drink is super tasty. I am currently pregnant and I am a dr pepper addict. I needed something without the crap and cafeine and this did the trick. It tastes just like black cherry coke. Tons of carbonation and a very sweet taste. The size is perfect for me - anymore and it would be overkill. It honestly is 100% juice and natural. I love that. Definitely a great drinks for pregnant women who shouldn't be drinking soda.
"What can I say, since I haven't tried it myself? The fat one likes it way too much and the skinny one doesn't like it enough. If I could find a food that produced the opposite effect, I would be pretty happy. I tried this after the local pet shop stopped carrying their last food, Royal Canin Siamese (which the skinny one went crazy for at first [she doesn't know that she's not Siamese]). This one is less expensive, and even more so on Amazon."
"Having enjoyed other Shore Lunch products, their Chili mix and chicken and fish breadings are great, I was very disappointed with the Tortilla Soup Mix. It is so salty that I wound up adding cut raw potatoes to the next 2 packs while they were simmering. That absorbed the salt and made the soup edible. Since I added only a can of salt-free diced tomatoes the mix is the culprit -- way too much sodium to be healthy."
"The first thing that hit me is that these appear to be a low-acid gype of coffee....I didn't get that icky feeling some coffees give you after you drink them. That is a definite plus. But the coffee itself isn't that strong either. I'm not into Kona or really deep flavors, I like just a medium blend. But this still seemed weak. It almost came across as coffee-tea than a strong cup of joe. I don't think I'd order this particular blend again."
"This is a really yummy option for adding just a touch of garlic to anything. The garlic is dehydrated flakes of garlic not powdered garlic so it doesn't have the harsh taste of a regular garlic salt. I live in a moist climate so eventually the remains of the jar clump but I will still buy this more of this product because I find it very handy. It's my go-to salt for anything that will be improved by a little whiff of garlic, e.g. sauteed veggies."
If it were up to my cat this would get 10 stars. He is 15 years old and has decided he doesn't want kibble anymore and this is the only soft food he likes (Wellness Healthy Indulgence Grain Free pouches). When I have tried other soft food he loses weight because he refuses to finish it or to eat it at all. I guess he knows what food is the healthiest! I gave this only 4 stars because of the price.
"This coffee is true to its name, and actually smells/tastes like a traditional chocolate glazed cake-like doughnut. Unlike some of the donut house flavored varieties, this one actually tastes as good as it smells while brewing. It is a light roast, and is very low in acidity. There is no bitterness to this blend, and I find that it needs even less sugar per cup than I usually use to achieve the same sweetness. Great coffee."
"Be very careful to check out the the oz size, the picture is deceiving. I was under the impression that this is the same 22 ounces but it was actually the 13.20z size. When I tried to return it, Amazon didn't give me that option. Why would anyone in their right minds pay $16.11 for case of 13 oz can of dog food when you can get the same case at the grocery (Publix) store for $10.79 and even less at Walmart. Total rip-off!!!!!"
"Timothy's Colombian Decaffeinated is a good tasting coffee for a good price. The savings are even better if you sign up for the auto renew program. Also, we have found that you can use each cup twice. Therefore it's like getting twice the quantity for the money. I checked with the Keurig company and they said by processing the cups for two cups of coffee or tea will not hurt the machine. Best, Al"
"I've been browsing amazon and other tea sellers for authentic restaurant style Thai Tea. This one is exactly what I was looking for. Amazing taste and extremely easy to make. Instructions that are provided show easy ways to make the tea, and the traditional long boil. However, in my morning rush, I simply use some of the tea in a coffee machine (1/2 tbsp per cup of water) and it comes out excellent with some cream and sugar. Definitely recommended."
"Purchased two 7' topiaries to place on pillars and flank the interior of my front door. Got the idea from a well known high-end retail store but didn't want the hassle of keeping their ""live"" product surviving in my home. Found this product online and am extremely satisfied. Product looks natural but still uniform in shape and designed with an adequate amount of greenery, and the price was fantastic. Very happy I took a chance and ordered this product....love the result!"
"The gardenia was packed very well, looked great, I followed the directions, but the plant appeared to be suicidal; it started losing leaves immediately. They turned spotty black and brown, fell off, and I'm left with a nearly leaflass carcass. However, it is still alive, I'm still following the instructions, and hope springs eternal. My $9.00 gardenia from a Big Box store is thriving (Although Not a Bonsai), as are my other plants, so I know it's not me. Help!"
"Pretty good for a sweetened cereal, tastes a bit like a sweeter version of Honey Nut Cheerios, but not too sweet. I went to have a second bowl the third day we had them, but they were gone. That's a pretty good vote of approval from a variety of ages (two parents, 9 year old, 17 and 19.) The remained crunchy, held up to milk, and had a nice bit of substance, a bit more than Cheerios."
Bought this under a promotion and subscription for $9.32 for 6 jars. A pretty good discount over retail. The next shipment and all future shipments were supposed to be $11.32. The next subscription shipment ended up being $17.56 so I canceled it. This price made it over what I would have paid retail at my local store. If you are going to offer a good deal honor it. The product was good. It is the pricing charged by Amazon.com that I have a problem with.
"My discovery of coconut water was brought on by a search for a natural alternative to Pedialite (There aren't many pronouncable ingredients in Pedialite and none I'd put in my baby's little body.) Coconut water is the best alternative, good for you, and the taste is simply refreshing. Not too sweet, but not boring either! A great solution to dehydration! This size is great to keep in the fridge. . . certainly more friendly to the environment! A great price on Amazon . . ."
I originally bought this product as a ready to drink replacement that tasted much better than the designer whey I had been using. It is rather expensive (protein/dollar) and although I like it the taste may not be for everyone. It has a nice thick texture and good taste but has a slight aftertaste that is comparable to that of an ensure. Being a 0 sugar RTD that was above average in taste it's only drawback is price/protein ratio.
I was a little sceptical about bying K-cup teas since I usually like to seep my tea so that it is a little stronger than normal. I was plesantly surprised by this tea. The flavor is excellant and I brewed it on large cup setting and the flavor was perfect. The tea was a pefect balance between the bitey pomegranite berry and plain tea. I recommend this if you love tea and want a break from the ordianary.
"This is only the second time I have purchased pure maple syrup. The first I bought at the grocery store; it was a grade A. It lacked much maple flavor. So I bought this grade B syrup, thinking the stronger flavor would be better liked. We hate it. It has a very bitter after taste. I don't know what to do now becuase we don't like the grade B, but the grade A isn't strong enough in flavor."
My 12 year old daughter who has celiac loves these chips. When we frist tried them at a friend's house we weren't sure if we would like them being made from sweet potatos. Boy were we wrong. We could eat a whole bag in one day. They are addiciting. Thankfully we found them in the individual packs for school on amazon. They are expensive but it was worth the price to see my daughter happy about having to take her food to school.
"I really like pop chips, but this flavor isn't the best. I was expecting these to taste like chili peppers and lime (Spicy, Sweet, and Tart), but instead of going for a chili pepper taste, they went for a chili the food taste. This wouldn't be so bad, except they taste overwhelmingly of tomato and celery. The reason they didn't call them Tomato and Celery Chips is because it is sounds gross and no one would buy that, and unfortunately it tastes like it sounds."
"Lime and Chili seemed a strange combination but the Lime Flavor is natural, not sweet, just tart enough to bring out the chili spice to create a great tasting nut treat to snack on. Almonds are a great, fun snack and having one that has a Lime Tart Flavor is absolutely Fabulous. Even better is that Amazon delivers three full one pound packages for less than the price this item normally retails for in Stores, IF you can even get it in your favorite store."
I eat this for lunch every so often when I don't have a home cooked meal from leftovers. It's good. I like the overall taste. It does have a lot of carrots but I like that. I'm not a big fan of peppers so I like that this doesn't have any. The beef is ok but it's canned soup. Not sure what some people expect....it's not restaurant food. It is very good warmed up at work!
"These K-Cups from San Francisco Bay Coffee have great flavor and they are certainly competively priced, but they do not fit properly in my Keurig Coffee Maker. It is an effort to close the top of the coffee maker to a point where the water begins to filter through the cup. I noticed this when I first bought them, but thought it was just a fluke. Subsequent shipments were the same. I don't think I will purchase this product again."
I purchased this product because of all of the great reviews on here. I have tasted sugar free syrups in the past and didn't have a problem with them. This was not edible!! I would like to add that I am not a picker eater. My husband tasted it and also agreed. We had to eat something else to get the taste out of our mouths. Breakfast was ruined and money was wasted!! I would not recommend this product!
"The added grains make these a better choice than the usual chips. They have the same sugar, salt and oil so there are better food snack choices out there, if you care about your health. If they had been made with organic ingredients I might have given them another star. I doubt I would ever purchase this item. Snacks like this are expensive and with food prices going up it has to be really special to make it into the cart."
"Big Easy used to be one of the best bold blends out there. NOT ANY MORE. The box of 50 I received about a week ago is one of the most disgusting blends I have ever tasted. Very BITTER, no distinguishable aroma, no flavor complexity, nothing going for it. If I was Emeril I would not want my name associated with it anymore. Maybe this will get straightened out, but while they are playing with the coffee chemistry set this blend is best avoided."
"...but I guess a little more like a tortilla chip. I found these tasty and satisying, not quite as salty as the grocery store type tortilla and corn chips (a plus for me). I didn't taste anything that hinted of olives, though. Devotees of all-natural foods might be attracted by the lack of GMO ingredients, artificial colors/flavors, preservatives, etc. - that's not a selling point for me, though. At my age I need all the preservatives I can get!"
"I love Gerber organic products like this which combine veggies and/or fruits. I bought one of the ""Farmers Market"" from the regular grocery store to make sure my 8 month old liked it, which he did. I bought a case from Amazon, but the consistency was like soup, very runny unlike the one I bought from the store. Heating it up made it worse. Maybe it was a fluke, but the second case from Amazon ordered a few months later had the same problem."
"Dog: 10 month old Lab/ GSD mix who's an aggressive chewer Good: concept Bad: -LOUD toy, keep in mind your dog has to drop this thing to get the treats to pop out and it is made of hard plastic -NOT durable. Tug insert (plastic) broke off after about a week (should have used a rope here). I may do this myself but I'm still debating if I want to hear this thing get dropped over & over & over & over again..."
"I was never a pop tart fan, but on a lark and due to the coupon, I tried these. I was pleasantly surprised at how good they tasted. I would prefer more filling as you can barely taste it. The frosting is very light and adds a perfect sweetness. One package w/ coffee is a perfect quick breakfast. Since AMZ is now out of stock for this flavor, I ordered the apple frosted ones.I think the unfrosted might be too flavorless for me."
"I don't know who would review this poorly. It is great. After you freeze it, you just push the portions out and they come out clean. I love that it is non-toxic, easy to use, easy to clean, and that I can have freezer bags of small portions of baby food prepared and ready to use whenever. I hesitated to buy it because of poor reviews, but am very happy I got it. I am using it every other day right now."
"With the purchase of a new single-serve coffee brewer, I was looking to enhance the java experience by finding a proper chocolate addition. My research led to me to sauces rather than syrups and I opted to try a product by Torani, an already trusted name in coffee products. Sadly, I haven't found Torani's Original Mocha Sauce to be all that bold or flavorful. In fact, though I'll continue to use the bottles I've purchased, I won't be buying this same product again."
"This is my favorite green tea. I tried many different kinds when I was cutting back on coffee and this was the best. It is the perfect blend of green tea flavor and jasmine, not too flowery. It has a wonderful smell as well. I enjoyed drinking and smelling this tea as much as I had previously enjoyed my first morning coffee. Also the tea bag material makes it easier to save and rebrew for a second serving."
This paste gave BOTH my dogs diarrhea each time I used it. It's also got disgusting fillers. The price is WAY too high for how little use you get out of each can. Just buy a large peanut butter or cream cheese or throw left over chicken in the Kong and freeze it. Why pay this if you can get 20x the use out of a jar of peanut butter? I only caved because I had been curious for months AND it went on sale.
"This is pretty spicy. As soon as I opened it, I got the spicy smell of peppers. I did not use it as a dipping sauce. I used it as a marinade and then as a topping for several different pork flavors. I think it could be a bit stickier and glazier (if that's even a word) My issue was that it didnt stick well to pork to create a crust/glaze but ran off to the sides and burned. Not bad over all."
"this coffee has been extremely disappointing for me, i can't finish it it's so bad. i am a HUGE starbucks fan and pay their premium for coffee because it's good but this is unacceptable. the coffee has a burnt flavor, and not as in pike place roast burnt- BURNT, and the caramel flavor which is almost non-existent is disgusting. if you like starbucks with caramel, get pike place roast, the christmas blend, or something else comparable and add torani or hershey caramel syrup."
"Great deal for the quality of this Himalayan Salt! I will be purchasing more and giving it as gifts. This stuff tastes great and is actually a healthy addition to the diet, in moderation. Why would anyone continue using the ""white death"" table salt that is void of so many essential elements? I also use this to make an all-natural facial and body scrub! We should only ""feed"" our skin what we would put in our mouths!"
"I can purchase an 18 pack of these at Target for $11.99 (that's $0.61/cup) instead of the much-too-high $0.85 per cup price here. Beware Amazon Prime members....K cups aren't a good deal on Amazon, despite the free two day shipping. The coffee itself is GREAT. I basically like a cup of mud, as bold as it gets. This is that, with a great burnt taste and wonderful aroma. HIGHLY recommend the coffee, but get it at Target."
"For some reason, Fritos are usually the last bag of chips in the big ol' variety box to remain. Other peoples' loss is my gain, I always say!* I always snatch up the Fritos and go to town with these salty, tasty delights. While they make the inside of my mouth feel like the Sahara, I still value their deliciousness and subtle corn flavor over all. Long Live the Frito! * when it comes to Fritos"
"I'm always on the lookout for good jerky in my area, so I was excited to try these Tanka Bites. The ingredients look like pemmican (except, sadly, minus the fat), which I've wanted to try but can't find locally. These flavor is pretty good -- savory and a little sweet -- and they're not super tough or overly chewy. The texture is a little bit plasticy, though. The dried, sweetened cranberries might not make it Whole 30 approved, but it's definitely a convenient primal snack."
"These do not get chewy and soft...they are glass-hard, and broke 3 of my mini poodles rear teeth, one of which had to be extracted! I bought these to help keep her teeth clean, not destroy her teeth! My recommendation is to avoid at all costs. Note that our vet said not to give our dogs anything to chew that is too hard to indent with your fingernail. She recommended Bully Sticks and rawhide chews."
"This tuna is stored in water + salt and has NO flavor. I have to add Genoa Tonno tuna in oil to get a fair amount of flavor, the Genoa Tonno is swimming in oil so it mixes up ok but the Wild Planet tuna must be well broken up and it is a solid cake and takes a lot of effort. Finally I got Chicken of the Sea Albacore tuna in oil and it is like tuna from the good old days years ago."
"My 70+ pound puppy loves this bone, and it's been months since I bought it. The mint stuffing was gone within a couple hours of course. The nice thing about this kind of bone is that you can freshen it up in lots of ways - stuff in a piece of cheese, spritz some spray butter (or even Pam) on it, pour the dregs of your vegetable soup on it, etc., and the dog will fall in love with it again and again. :)"
"We are daily home brewers and love full flavors like French Roast. After bouncing around from various retailer chain-branded coffees (which were inconsistent in my opinion), and occasionally trying the stronger roasts of more maintstream coffee brands, we decided to try Eight O'Clock. I think I heard it was highly regarded by Consumer Reports. Aside from the convenience and value of buying in bulk here, we are loving the taste - smooth, rich and no bitterness. Great product."
"I don't eat this stuff. Obviously. I'm just one of the enslaved people. Enslaved by cats, that is. The cat likes this flavor..... for 5 years straight.... that must be some kind of record, no? It's smelly and fishy, exactly how the cat like it. Amazon has the best price anywhere. I should know... the cat made me buy it for 5 years straight. Haven't seen lower price, either online or local. Enough said.... it's cat food for the picky cat."
"Our pit mix loves to chew especially when bored. We bought this thinking it was cheap enough and it might last a week. He chewed through the rope within a day. He loves the purple bottle though and carries it around the yard, sometimes trying to chew through that but he has not been successful. We have been looking for maybe some kind of thick rope from a ship or something, maybe then this toy would work for our boy."
"Its hard to describe taste especially since I'm not a connoisseur of chocolate but of the brands that I have tasted, this one sits in the middle for me, not of the highest taste pleasure sensation but a great deal better then others I've tried. I love the Newman's Own Brand and every product I've tried from this brand has been excellent. I think this one might be best used for baking rather than eating straight out of the package."
"I was so disappointed with this product I immediately contacted the company. I am not surprised that I did not hear back. This is not soymilk, it's 95% maltodextrin. The label indicates only 1 gm per serving is actual soy protein -- the rest is starch!! It tastes peculiar. I am using it up in my soups and baking and will never buy it again. A much better alternative is WholeFoods vanilla soy protein -- 100% rapid-dissolving protein plus flavoring, no added starch or sugar."
"I was really skeptical as to whether my Jack Russell Terrier would even bother with this type of toy. But I put it down for her the day I got it and she spent a good 45 minutes playing with it, retrieving the food, and me refilling so she could play some more. That's an incredible length of time for her to spend on one activity. I'll be getting some more toys like this I think."
"In preparation for an international trip, where coffee quality would be uncertain, I bought a 12-pack at our local Starbucks store. I like the quality and convenience so much that I use them at home. This is a very good price for the 50-pack, compared to packets bought in the store (12 for $9.95 = 83 cents each). Perhaps there is a similar discount on 50-packs purchased in the store but I've not seen 50-packs in any of the four Starbucks near us."
"I ordered these chocolates for my girlfriend a few weeks ago. The only problem I had was that Amazon said it would take 3-5 days to deliver, which was great because I could receive the chocolates and give them to my girlfriend and surprise her, but they delivered them the very next day. Other than that, great product. Beautiful packaging and great taste. I would recommend these for sure but be aware of the shipping time and expect them faster than 3-5 business days."
"While captain crunch peanut butter cereal isn't organic and has preservatives, (yuck) they make the best-tasting Panda Puffs peanut butter cereal has almost no peanut butter taste. It may be healthier but when i buy peanut butter cereal i expect it to taste like it... but their cereal tastes more like Kix.. just bland puffed corn balls. I wish Panda Puffs tasted just like captain crunches peanut butter crunch but it doesn't even come close."
I've seen these at my local Petco where I looked over the ingredient list. Soy or Soy protein is either the first or second ingredient. Soy is something I avoid in anything I give my cat. Soy isn't very digestible by cats and is often a common food allergen. Also soy is also considered bad for your cat's thyroid gland. In addition soy may also impact the amount of Taurine your cat absorbs; a lack of Taurine can cause blindness in cats.
"What can I say, I got caught up when this was a gold box item and I didn't take the time to research the product. Essentially these 0.7 ounce about 60 cent each fruit ropes are pulverized apple guts and apple juice with a few other vitamins and flavors. They may be organic, but they weren't well received in our house. The line above is from my three year old after she ate one. We'll stick to real fruit (fresh and dried) from now on."
"I've been eating Special K Protein Plus for years, because of its high protein and fiber content. I didn't taste too bad if eaten with fruit. The last time I bought a box of it, I plopped it into my shopping cart without noticing that it ""Now tastes Even Better!"" A serving of this new formulation has more calories and less fiber than a serving of the previous version, and it contains sucralose, which I believe is not healthful."
Good mixture of mixed nuts without the peanuts! It's hard to find nuts that aren't roasted to death and salted beyond the ability of your body to regulate a healthy blood pressure but these are ones that can do it for you. Just be sure to freeze the ones you aren't going to eat right away because they start getting rancid if you don't. I gave them only 4 stars because the shipping is kind of expensive.
"Wish there's an option for a bottle from this brand because these syrup may be staying in the refrigerator for some times. I've poured it out and placed it in a plastic bottle, so no big deal. Coomb's farm: I think people would still buy your product if you have an option of selling it in a bottle for $1 more. But I guess it'll cost you guys more for shipping and another line of machinery."
"Those silly elves...they actually think that cardboard is tasty! Well, we'll see if our bird friends like 'em. Hopefully, they do not pass away after ingesting these travesties of the Keebler realm. I know that I would. The box they come packed in probably tastes better. Give these to your children when they annoy you...they will never act up again, nor ask for ice cream ever again. O.K., I'm done. Update, 9/1/11, 12:01 PM: The birds have not touched them as of yet."
"This is a great idea and I had such high hopes. My 8 mo old Shepherd is very active and rough. We have tile floors in the house and concrete outside. The dog slung this toy around, knee capping me a few times before slamming it on the tile floor and breaking it open. It it were made of hardier material I would buy another but this plastic is just too brittle for a rough dog."
"I suppose if you like this or not just depends on your taste buds... I am vegan, and I haven't had chicken in a long time... and this was still terrible! I couldn't stand the smell, and I couldn't stomach swollowing the few bites I tried. My tip would be, try ONE can of this first and see if you like it. Don't make the same mistake I did in buying a whole case, just to find out that it doesn't agree with you!!"
"I love coffee but don't always need the caffeine so I thought I would try this ""Herbal Coffee"", well I just wasted my money because it's going to the trash. I can't even think of anyone I dislike enough to gift it to. Its got this strange flavor, like its sweetened with stevia(which I am not a fan of either), and it resembles the appearance of coffee, but the taste and smell is not even close. Blah!!!"
"This is the worst coconut milk ever. My wife is Thai and we had used this brand before and appreciated that it was organic and BPA free cans. However, now its made in Sri Lanka and the quality of the coconut milk is unacceptable. The packaging is completely misleading as the product looks nothing like the image on the label. I would give it zero stars if that was a choice. I now have 11 cans of inedible coconut milk."
I was so immensly disappointed. I was hoping to get the same tea that they serve in the chinese restaurants and kept being told that it was oolong tea. I finally found it on Amazon and to my disappointment it did NOT taste the same! Actually it was a bit bitter and now I have all of this tea I know it will take me forever to drink because of the flavor.. Was not happy.. :(
"Currently, the rabbit for this (and the RAW frozen) are sourced from China. Only the Instinct Dry kibble uses rabbit sourced from France. It's an oddity amongst NV's products (everything else seems to be sourced from the US.) Buyer beware as, despite reassurances, Chinese sourced food has had lots of problems (chemical contamination.) Supposedly, at the moment, NV is looking to change the source for the wet canned and frozen to France as well; but it hasn't happened yet."
"I used this pouch last night. I had a package of 4 boneless pork loin slices, about 3/4 of an inch thick. It gave me a generous coat. I then baked them for 25 minutes and they came out nice and crispy. These were very moist as well. I will be using the Shake and Bake for Pork again, I love lean pork, and this ensures that it comes out perfectly done but still moist and flavorful."
"Got these to go with my Jelly Belly jelly bean dispenser I got for Christmas. These things are great! You will love them - especially if you love sour candy. Even though I love sour candy, I often find myself not liking certain flavors in a variety pack such as this, but with Jelly Belly Sours, this is not the case. All five flavors: Apple, Lemon, Cherry, Grape and Orange taste great separately and together. And they have only 140 calories for a whopping 35 beans!"
"I recently got a Keurig for a wedding gift, and I've tried a few different flavors and this one is my favorite! I like a mild coffee, and many of the k-cups I have tried were pretty strong and bitter. This one was the perfect blend of mild coffee and chocolate flavor. It really does taste like a cup of liquid chocolate glazed donut! If you like a strong coffee flavor, you may not like this. But for me, this k-cup is perfect."
"We were on vacation to Yellowstone and stopped in a little tourist town of Virginia City, Montana. There we discovered Sissy Sauce. While on the road we began to use it immediately on hamburgers and anything that requires ketchup. Funny thing is our then 2 year old daughter (she is now 3.5)fell in love with it and will ask for Sissy Sauce over ketchup every time. ""Pass the Sissy Sauce""! <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00198XH98"">Pappy's Sauce for Sissies Mild Barbecue Sauce - 12.7 oz</a>"
"I ordered the light roast, but received a collection of different flavors. My husband does not like flavors. The description did not say different flavors and the picture here does not match the picture on what we received. Ours says includes coffee house regular, chocolate glazed, cinamon and decaf. The item ordered does not say that. I think it was a fluke and we got the wrong item. Can you please send us the correct item? I've never had this problem with amazon before. Thanks. Mary"
"Burly cat loves these shredded varieties but when you mix two flavors, well, we're not too sure about that. He loves both the shredded chicken and shredded salmon by themselves but this one, well, we'll eat it if that's all there is left. Again, not overjoyed with this one but we'll choke it down if necessary. I'd suggest keeping them separate - I've never had a cat yet that was wildly in love with this variety."
"After waiting over a year for La Victoria Fire Roasted Chilies to be offered again on Amazon, and not being able to find them in any local market, I ordered the Chi-chi's. Although I realize that they are not Fire Roasted, I figured that they would be a suitable substitute. Wrong there. After Googleing for La Victoria, I found them at MexGrocer.com and ordered a bunch. The price was higher than offered at Amazon, when Amazon had them, but they are worth the extra price."
"Nespresso does NOT officially distribute their product through Amazon - what you are purchasing here is a re-sold product from third-party seller who has purchased it directly from Nespresso (exactly what YOU should be doing) and is now re-selling this product to get a nice profit from simple-minded customers. Buy it directly from Nespresso, people - you WILL get a cheaper price and you WILL get a more fresh coffee (you can't know how long this coffee was stored at third-party reseller's location)."
"After reading several reviews from people apparently on diets I now understand the high star rating because if you can't have the real thing something like this passes for good. These are bland, have a weird texture and aren't very good. I will be sending these to work with my husband so he can give them away. I ate a few from my first and only bag before throwing them in the pantry. They are low in calories and low in taste. Pass."
"First, I'll give the manufacturer some credit for making a no-additive, sucralose-only product. The problem with this product is: it's just too weak, in flavor that is. 1 gram of this ""pure sucralose"" tastes about as strong as 1 gram of a Splenda packet, for comparison. If you don't mind spending a lot for a little bit of pure sucralose taste, then maybe this is for you, but cost-conscious customers might want to look elsewhere for a no-carb, non-calorie sweetener."
I love Snapple's Singles to go and my two favorite flavors are Pink Lemonade and Kiwi Strawberry but the price listed here is WAY OVER PRICED!! The 99c only store has them for obviously 99c each.. but sometimes they do not have them in stock so I went online to find alternative places to get them. I guess I'll just stock up next time I see them... Too bad! I would have ordered a ton of them here if the price was better....
"I have eaten merguez in France all my life until moving to the US, and by the time I purchased those I was getting desperate. Those sausages are simply not very good. They are bland, the meat is gamy, there is no heat (there should be anywhere from a little bit to a lot of heat), and they have very little spice in them. The meat is neither lean nor fatty, but releases a tremendous amount of water."
"I got a freebie sample pack in a store and these were very tasty. I would certainly buy them. They were little circles, about 1 inch in diameter, with minimal salt and some seeds. They made a nice, tasty, satisfying little snack. They look like baby frisbees--WooHoo! The ingredients are listed as: sunflower seeds, wheat flower, whole wheat f vital wheat gluten, expeller pressed high olec sunflower oil, chicory root fiber, organic evaporated cane juice, sea salt."
After reading reviews on here I had high hopes for this product thinking that maybe it was like Swiss chocolate. It's slightly less bitter than Hershey's but other than that I don't see much of a difference except in price. I purchased three cans expecting a real treat. I will continue to buy Hershey's for it is much cheaper and the difference is not worth the higher price. I only pay about $5 for 8oz of Hershey chocolate. Save your $$$.
"I made this vanilla cake mix last night and it is horrible! There's is the oddest taste to this cake. I'm not sure if it's the Xantham gum or some other ingredient, but the after taste is just unbearable also. I added cherries and chocolate on top of this cake and you could still taste a really odd flavor. I haven't tried the chocolate cake yet, but the vanilla is a no-go. Pass on this one!"
"I've probably been consuming Starburst candies since they were invented and have tried every one of their flavors throughout the years. This flavor, Morph, is their best one yet! And yes, the flavor DOES change (morphs) half-way through the chewing. Very, very YUMMY!!!! I wish that Starburst would add even more flavors, since the Morph only has orange and strawberry. Why not make a grape-morphing-to-raspberry candy, or a green-apple-morphing-to-cherry selection? Or a sweet-and-sour morph? The sky's the limit!"
"These take a bit of work; rise them off, then boil for a bit, then try to dry them off, then fry them till squeeky, then add them to your item you're making. Good luck trying to cut them. They have no taste so works well in stir fry, or soup, or even spagetti sauce. I am used to dry noodles; these are slippery and wet when you take them out of the package. I'm not impressed."
"I'm a fan of all kinds of teas so it's easy to give them a thumbs up. The single pouches are what I use to take with me to work or camping which cuts down on space AND lets me share with others easier. Great product at home or on the go for sure. They do have strings, staples and paper tags which is why I only gave it a 4 star. Eliminate those wasteful parts and they're a five star for sure."
"This is actually better than I expected when I paid less than 50 cents each. We usually use a packet mix and hot water from the brewer. This is much easier and the taste is comparable. If you are very particular you may not like this but for something quick, sweet, chocolate flavored and warm for around 50 cents it is worth a try. I would not buy it at the regular price that some retailers ask."
"I decided to give Starbucks a try as I've been looking for a good instant decaf coffee. I poured the first pouch in its entirety into my cup and thought I was drinking tar. For the next one I only used half a pouch and got a much more mellow and enjoyable cup. Clearly, my palette is not well suited to overly strong coffee. I suppose I would buy this again, but not before shopping around and trying a different decaf."
"I don't even like coffee, but this is in a class by itself! There is no bitter aftertaste, and with the slightest sprinkle of chocolate creamer, it is going quickly to become my drink of choice! I can't imagine how good it will taste with a shot of liquor in it! I just wish we had more! (But we will soon...thanks Amazon!) No matter what Jamaican coffee you buy, make sure it is certified Blue Mountain Jamaican coffee, like this one is! :)"
"This coffee is rich and tastes great! Served it to friends who do not like ""decaf"" and they had no idea that this was a decaf. The flavor is really good. I took off a star because it is not as aromatic as the Nantucket blends. To me, a coffee should have a coffee aroma when brewing and therefore making my anticipation greater. Also, the fragrance of brewing coffee reminds me of my Grandma making (remember this?) perked coffee; and, truly, this is a good thing."
This is a dark Oolong. It has a lot of flavor with it's own light fragrance. I make my tea with three level table spoons per 9oz. teapot. I don't let it soak too long; so there is a plenty of flavor over and over as I make additional infusions. I used hot water and the resulting tea was not bitter; but smooth. This is a good buy for the price. The leaves are not curled or rolled; but flat.
"From a health & wellness perspective, I defer to the other reviews which are quite thorough and complete. From a taste perspective, this product must be served cold to have a fresh refreshing taste. Many waters are served warm, especially if you walk or travel with it. This is not one I would suggest for that purpose. Served cold, the taste is clean, crisp and refreshing. If the water isn't quite chilled the taste may edge toward ""left on the night stand over night and degassed..."""
"My cat loves this food, but this particular flavor, beef and salmon, is a bit strong when it comes to the smell. I had to wash my hands more than once to get the smell entirely off. Now the problem is that my cat reeks of fish, she smells like a walking tuna sandwich. If you're okay with that, by all means get it, but I'm going to avoid this one in the future because I can't stand her smelling like this all the time."
"I was so happy when these first arrived, but then I actually looked in the tub and noticed that every single bag of bears was a melted pile of goo.. I can not tell you if these were stale or not, as we have goo. I can tell you that they came exactly as you see in the picture, just with no bears in the bag, cause they are goo... Do not order these (or any other gummy product) in the summer time, otherwise.. Goo..."
"O.N.E. Coconut Water tastes much better, IMO, than sports drinks and electrolyte drinks sold in pharmacies. I didn't really taste the coconut flavor or Pink Guava for that matter. It has a light, not to sweet, flavor with electrolytes you need to replace if you've been sick or after exercise. The price is not to expensive and I like the single serve containers as most electrolyte solutions have a short shelf life after opening. Coconut water is good and good for you."
"If you want/need convenience, this item is fabulous! We always rate the organic baby food pouches high and our only concern is the price. We find the pouches great for taking to restaurants, in the car, on picnics, to the zoo, etc. Also, it continues to be an easy way to get super foods into our toddlers without the preparation of the fruits and vegetables! We still keep them on hand even after the baby food days are gone."
"This blend package from this vendor I thought would be full of big chunky pieces of the thick meaty mushrooms, but it isn't that. The other blend package from the same vendor is a bit better. This had a lot of powder and ground up bits instead of big pieces. I recommend the oyster mushrooms and black trumpets from this company and the other blend over this blend. Still pretty good, and a decent price, but not a 5 star. Re-hydrate really fast, though."
"I guess I will just have to get used to the bizarre texture and taste of gluten free items. Right now I am discouraged that this is what's available. The flavor isn't too bad, but these are grainy and there's an odd aftertaste - perhaps it's the date paste (if I remember correctly - I don't have the box in front of me). I just ate two, and I won't cry if I never eat them again."
"The flavors you immediately notice after the first sip of this tea, are hisbiscus flowers and chamoile. The Pomegranate and Raspberry flavors and the green tea are all buried and very faint! If you are looking for a tea to wind down your hectic life, this is not a bad tea at all. If you are looking for an excellent blend of Pomegranate and Raspberry flavors in green tea, you maybe be very disappointed like I do."
"While I love the idea of using a renewable and natural product, particularly one that gets tossed every few days, the odor with this product is almost as bad as the odor it's supposed to suppress. My three cats wouldn't go near it. Perhaps the aroma wears off soon enough, just not soon enough for me. In addition, the pellets are quite large, not the fine, sand-like quality my cats are used to. I'm sure it works well for some felines, just not mine."
"If youre on a low cal diet (or any diet!) and you crave chocolate, GET THIS!! You mix 2 tbsp of the powder with 1 tbsp of water.. You can add a little more water if you want a drizzle like consistency for drizzling on desserts or waffles. But otherwise, its super creamy and absolutely delicious! If it isn't sweet enough for you, try to add one packet of splenda or sweet n low! Will buy again and again! Absolutely LOVED it!"
"Kids love it, Mom & I love it, and even the dog loves it! Whether it's for breakfast or just munching on a couple of handfuls for a snack, Cinnamon Life satisfies the hunger crave in all of us! The sweet cinnamon taste seems to really appeal to breakfast cereal eaters alike. The only slight complaint I have is it gets soggy really fast, so I try not to put a lot of milk on my cereal."
"Hey all- This is probably the best espresso to come out of a Tassimo. That being said- NO T-Disk is worth more than 60 cents a pop, so this is overpriced. When you review an item and give it 1 star, you are rating the product as bad and it gives the wrong impression when you are simply upset about being ripped off. I agree with you though, this is currently outrageously overpriced considering I was getting three packs for something like 50 cents per serving."
"Awful, Awful, Awful! I like a lighter roast and I really love french vanilla so I was thrilled to find this one. With the first sip I was highly disappointed. It has a very strong artificial flavor that doesn't taste anything like french vanilla and it certainly doesn't taste like coffee. Like one other reviewer said, I'll probably just toss it in the trash and throw that money away because I don't know anybody who would enjoy it. YUK!"
"My puppy is a big time chewer. We give him his dinner in this a few times a week and it keeps him (and us) entertained. We do take it away from him as soon as he's done with all the food though, because I can tell the rubber end wont stand up if we let him go to town on it. Still other toys don't last a day and we're getting good use out of this."
"This product is very good and super concentrated! It has a 1 to 7 ratio, 1 part egg white powder to 7 parts water. Most egg white powder products are 1 to 2, so I was skeptical, but I've tried it is several things now and it's very good. The only negative thing is there are no directions on the container. I had to look up the ration on-line; which was one of the reasons I was skeptical!"
"I love hot chocolate and am always trying new ones, but this was the absolute worst cherry hot chocolate I have ever tasted!! I was hoping it would be good so I bought 2 cans. After 1 cup, I threw both cans away. If you want a really great cherry hot chocolate, add 3-4 teaspoons of the cherry juice from a jar of maraschino cherries to your favorite milk hot chocolate. YUM!!! Add more if you use dark hot chocolate."
"This isn't the most exciting snack -- it's just plain granola with chunks of dark chocolate -- but it is pretty good. If you've got a hankering for something very sweet, this ain't it. If you're in the mood for something crunchy but not salty, and want to avoid chemical crap, then this all-natural treat is a good choice. On the flip side, it's not exactly low-calorie, and it's got a fair amount of saturated fat (no trans fats though). Munch accordingly."
"This makes decent yogurt but not the best. It is not very good with skim or 1% milk. It does well with whole or 2% and a little powdered milk added in. I have the yogourmet incubater. I have to say the best yogurt I've made in it is Greek style using Yoplait plain Greek yogurt as starter. Very creamy and not runny and has just the right bite to it. I've used the Natren starter also, it is good too."
"I find this to be the most offensive-tasting substitute for sugar. It does not resemble 'sweet'. It's a strange taste that made me recoil when tasting it; and, I had to spit it out. Then it left a bad taste in my mouth. The price is expensive compared to other sweeteners. I will NEVER purchase this again. And will continue to use saccharin (Sweet & Low) as it comes the closest to resembling a sugar taste."
"This is, by far, the worst tasting cereal we've ever had. The raisins are fine, it's the flakes that leave the most horrible taste in your mouth, sort of a cross between fake bacon bits and cardboard. My entire family complained about these, even our 3 year old who will eat ANYTHING, pushed her bowl away after one bite. We bought some other types of cereal from U.S. Mills and it wasn't very good either, but this was definitely the worst."
"I have tried other decorating pens but these so far are the best I have found. The Wilton brand were aweful and didnt work at all but these ones are much better. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of a few minor issues. They cannot write on cold candy coating and they sometimes ""gunk"" up at the tip. But they are easily wiped clean and seem to last a good while."
I had a bottle of this sitting on my counter for a while. Tropical flavors are so hit and miss. So when I ran out of my favorite Flavrz (Cherry Berry) I pulled this one out. I was so pleasantly surprised that it had a coconut flavor to it. SOLD. I went through the entire bottle in less than a few days. I really recommend the packets more than the bottle. They seem to last longer for me. :)
"These are the strongest tasting salt and vinegar chips I've had. I could still do with more vinegar flavor, but I think this is as close as I'm going to get without dousing them with vinegar powder myself. I did a side by side with the Cape Cod salt and vinegar and these are about twice as flavorful. Additionally, as other reviewers have said, they have quite a good bit of potassium in them (somewhere in the neighbor of 15% RDA per serving)."
This is one of the worst tasting cereals I've ever had in my life. After eating this cereal I went online to see what other people thought. I found people on Youtube reviewing this cereal and loving it. They must be paid actors as part of a viral video scheme because this cereal was terrible. There was hardly any chocolate inside these things unlike the pictures on the box and the texture of the cereal is not good at all.
"In testing this product and <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002IEZJMA"">illy issimo Coffee Drink, Caff&egrave;, 6.8-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)</a>I have reinforced that packaged coffee drinks are not my thing. This product is by far better (for my tastes) than <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002IEZJMA"">illy issimo Coffee Drink, Caff&egrave;, 6.8-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)</a>. It has a sweeter smoother taste than the other Illy product I have tried but still not my thing. For caffine on the run I can see this being a handy thing."
"I was in the grocery store today and was going to buy JIF, but after seeing the price, and ALSO seeing that the Planter's Peanut Butter was on sale, I decided to give it a try. All I can say is.... mmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Very good and not as sweet as JIF, but a very tasty peanut butter at a very reasonable price. It was on sale 2 Jars for $3.00, I am going to have to go back to the store to stock up!!!!"
"Pirate's Booty is sooo delicious. I could eat it all day long. Whenever I bring a bag into work, everyone asks for some. It tastes like white cheddar rice cakes, is the consistency of light, fluffy cheese puffs and actually looks a little bit like packing peanuts. My boyfriend loves it too even though he normally won't eat anything that's too healthy (he can't stand granola bars), so I just don't mention to him that it's gluten and cholesterol free and made with all natural ingredients."
"These are an okay snack. They don't puff up like the Pork Rinds I have had in the past. The quantity of rinds in the bag seems lacking. There is a unusual taste as if some type of seasoning added that I can't figure out. If you want a salty snack with no carbs they are okay, I, however, will not buy them again. I'll stick with the regular puffed up ones or cracklings. These don't fit in either category quite the way I expected."
I like these noodles. It is easy to cook them & fun to slurp them up. I often have them for lunch at work. I keep these in my emergency supplies & my winter ditty bag in case I get snowed in at work. I work in a field where even if you're shift is over you don't leave until a relief staff gets there. Sometimes they can't get in. So having these good noodles around is a plus. They are great.
"I'm a relatively new home coffee roaster using an air popper. I've only bought beans on Amazon from Coffee Bean Direct and this blend isn't as good as others I've purchased. The beans are very small, very un-uniform and yes it looks like rocks from time to time. The best roast for me was right after first crack, let it go to long and it just tastes burnt. I won't buy these again. They have many fine other beans thought."
"These were such a hit at my latest cocktail party. Everyone thought it was really edgy that they were shaped like dog bones. They all asked where I got them and I said, you know, man, PAUL NEWMAN MADE THESE, and the money goes to his charities, which is pretty righteous. A little dry, but we loaded them up with pepperoni and cheese slices, and they go great with well drinks! Aaaaa just kidding. The dog loved them. And the kids. Just kidding."
"This was an awesome gift for my mom. She can't cook and once a month I send her some sort of food basket. This one, for the price, was by far the best one I have sent her in a year. She raved about how good it was and ALL the items it came with not to mention\forget the basket!!!! I will be looking here again for another one this month. Thank you!!!!! David Smith"
"What is there to say about this drink? I tested it on three people and we all agreed that it tastes very good-almost like sparkling cider, comes in an attractive shaped can and we would pay for it if it was an option in a vending machine. But the vitamin enriched thing is just silly. There are two vitamins in this drink (this flavor at least) and they're both only 10% of you're daily requirement. Drink this for the taste, not the health benefit."
"After purchasing a few bags and receiving just crumbs, I wrote to the company. No offer to replace, no refund and most important not even a thank you for taking the time to let them know; just that they will try and fix the problem. I am sure the flavor is quite good but they were literally just smashed crumbs. And expensive crumbs at that. In this economy, I tend to stay away from people/companies that don't stand behind their product."
"i drink my coffee strong and black so this is too weak for me. i do have the one pot coffee maker and i either have to decrease the water or use two of these. this is not economical. it is much easier to just wrap some french roast coffee into a paper towel and use that instead. if you like very mild coffee pods, this i s fine, but not for those of us who can't get it strong enough."
"I didn't like this coffee at all. I like strong, full-flavored coffee and this is not it. There is mild bitterness and the coffee was slightly weak. So far the only K-cup coffee that I enjoy is the Barista Prima Italian Roast (I think that's the brand), but I wanted something I could order on subscribe and save, so I always had coffee. I ordered the Tully's Italian Roast to see how it is, but it too isn't as good as the other."
"I love Gerber organic products like this which combine veggies and/or fruits. I bought one of the ""Farmers Market"" from the regular grocery store to make sure my 8 month old liked it, which he did. I bought a case from Amazon, but the consistency was like soup, very runny unlike the one I bought from the store. Heating it up made it worse. Maybe it was a fluke, but the second case from Amazon ordered a few months later had the same problem."
"I bought these by mistake at the grocery store--I usually buy the Mini Dentastix, which my two Bostons love with no problem. I gave each of them one Jumbone about 6:00 pm, and this morning they both vomited it up. They didn't woof them down whole, they were chewed, but came out this morning in solid chunks. I trashed the rest of the treats. Maybe it's just my dogs that couldn't digest the Jumbones--they never had sensitive stomachs before, but thought I'd pass this along."
"This salad is so good, we eat it at least once a week. And -- I am in no way working for anyone associated with this product. I am a real mom with 4 growing sons. After heading to the local Wal-mart to get food supplies, I came home with my receipt in hand and compared the prices to Amazon's. These boxes came out to be 2 cents less then at Wal-mart, and they are delivered to my house free of charge. Can't beat that!"
"I did not buy these on Amazon. I just picked up a couple of boxes in the store. I thought they might taste pretty good but boy was I wrong. They have a terrible smell and taste even worse. I thought I was eating some sort of poison. I ate two bites, only because I couldn't believe how bad it was the first bite. I think I would rather starve then have to eat these noodles. Only gave it one star because I had to."
"I absolutely LOVE white chocolate so I was extremely happy to see this. That was until I actually tasted it. 2 words, WATERED DOWN! I have the platinum keurig, so I have a choice on the cup size, and even the smallest size is too watery. It helps to add some half & half or milk though. Or use it as a way to spruce up a coffe, then your coffee will have a semi white chocolate java feel going on."
"I am a huge lavender fan, but have never tried any edible/drinkable lavender products, only those that smell good. I was a little concerned this would taste funny, because even though I know smell and taste are tightly linked, lavender seems like the kind of thing that would smell way better than it tastes. I was so glad to find that the tea mostly tastes like a stronger chamomile tea, but smells like lavender. The best of both worlds!"
Have been using it for a 2 months. I must say that my dog needed a dental clean up with the build up that was leading to sore gums. In a few months of using it my dog's problem was gone. My dog's vet also agreed and was much surprised. I am continuing to give this to my 100 lbs lab who happily chews this down. This is now the only dental product my dog will get.
"MacFuddy's is delicious! It's like an enhanced Dr. Pepper in my opinion. Most of the Orca Beverage Soda Works drinks are delicious and unique, and they are hard to come in any casual grocery store. However, I have to give this 3 stars, because for the price of $27 for a 12-pack you are paying $2.25 per soda. That's ridiculous! Local store down the street would sell them for $2.00. I figured Amazon may have a discount like with most of their items.. maybe one day."
"The tin was easily less than half full, looking nothing like the photo. The cookies are smaller than pictured, had settled during shipping A LOT, and had all congealed together in the tin. There was hardly any candied fruit in the cookies, and tasted mostly of the nuts that were sprinkled on top. But since the cookies had melded into one giant blob, you had to just pull a piece off. Way too expensive for what arrived."
"I was introduced to this sauce when I order Popeyes fried chicken. It made the fried chicken taste a little spicier and with a little zest. The cashiers were usually very cheap and only gave a few even though I order more than $60 of food. When Popeyes changed to their Louisiana sauce, I stopped going there. The only place I found the sauce was at Amazon and it was great. Love the sauce and always order a box or two every few months."
"I got the Mystic Morning flavor, and if this is what a medium roast from this brand tastes like, I wonder how deep their dark roasts go. It's a bracing flavor profile in the morning, the kind of coffee that'll put hair on your chest. If you want your coffee strong enough to get up and walk away on its own, this is for you. Bear in mind though that an 8 oz pack will not go very far."
"I have a cat with a heart condition that takes meds. twice daily. This is a little loose off the shelf, but after refrigeration it is perfect to wrap around a pill and feed him off a spoon. You want to use the least amount of food possible so the patient will lick it up in one bit, never noticing the hidden pill. I have also tried other varieties that are very soupy and are to messy for babies or pets."
"After ordering the ""Stuffed Italian Breads"" from Pittman and Davis for the past 25 years, each Christmas, I came across what seemed to be ""the same"" type of product at a far lower price. We really were disappointed! While it was good, the P&D one is GREAT. I guess the adage of ""you get what you pay for"" is true and it will be back to the Pittman and Davis one next year, regardless of the cost."
"Tastes great. Good flavor, but consistency is thinner than regular ranch. Disappointed that the expiration date on the packages was stamped for a date 2 months from when I received them. I know they will still be okay after the date, but for freshness it would have been nice to have had at least six months to use them. These were bought for lunches, so even putting one in a lunch 20 times a month would take 3 months to use them all."
"I don't mind the taste with the lower sodium, in fact am glad, but changing the distinctive square shaped noodles to round ones has in my mind ruined the texture and taste of the soup. I'm using a generic brand now made by Safeway which still has the square noodles, typical of German noodles. I think also the round noodles are just cut off angel hair pasta and don't have the nice flavor of real egg noodles."
"I live in an area with lots of health food stores, and I couldn't find whole wheat orzo. Since I switched over to whole wheat pasta and had so many recipes that called for orzo, this was a problem. Yes, you buy a few jars at a time, but they keep forever, and the jars are small, so I am not worried about the product being on my shelf past the expiration date. Very tasty, too!"
"-the thing I did not care for that much was the smell it was okay but I guess I was expecting a fresh smell and it smelled like any other old shampoo on the market today. For a new product, I was expecting more. If it was on the shelves at the store-it does not stand out that much from any other brand of shampoo including the design which reminded me of Dove shampoo. If the price is not bad I would buy again."
"*rolls eyes at other reviewer* of course its going to smell like a campfire they roast the tea over pine and its awesome!!! I love this tea, but their suggestion of one teaspoon is a bit conservative for black tea you usually do one tablespoon per cup not a teaspoon, its up to preference but i love this tea and the fact that it reminds me of camping is a plus! it makes me feel good, and it tastes great too!"
"My 5 year old just prepared a cup of this for me and it tastes just like the dairy version, or at least the way I remember regular hot cocoa tasting. I wish Amazon sold this directly because I would most definatly buy a whole case for the entire family to drink. Having a dairy allergy there are alot of things a person misses out on. I no longer have to drool over the hot cocoa my husband and kids drink on those cozy winter nights."
"I learned about this salt while visiting Arcachon, France and observing my friend cooking in her kitchen. When I asked about it, her husband conducted a taste test with regular table salt used in the US and Fleur de Sel from Guerande. The table salt tastes bitter and over powering compared to the lovely mild flavor of this hand harvested sea salt. So when I got home, I ordered myself some. There is a huge difference in the flavor of foods I'm cooking now!"
"My father is a real fan of York Peppermint Patties, unfortunately they dont sell those at home so when I travel, I always plan ahead to purchase them. This one i bought to make a candy bouquet, not only the candy came on time and in perfect conditions, but also the price was reasonable for the quantity, I'm very happy with this seller and whenever I travel to the states again I will make sure to buy ahead the candies for my daddy"
"I love coffee and just out of curiosity requested to review this product. This product is first class all the way down to the packaging! Not only do you get a carton of coffee pods that taste great, you won't mind displaying this on your counter for all your friends to see either. I liked this coffee so much that I ended up following Marley coffee on facebook and twitter both! Organic and tasty, I suggest you try this coffee!"
"Recipes that work with other flour blends failed miserably with this flour blend. Sugar cookies melted and flattened in the oven and turned into hard-as-rock toffee well before the baking time was up. Zucchini bread didn't rise and ended up as a misshapen lump. Biscuits, like the sugar cookies, spread and flattened well before the baking time was up. I've tried and loved other flour blends. This one is only useful as a starch. I would not use it as an all-purpose flour."
"The banana flavor is by far better tasting than the greens or apple flavor. My baby would rather eat Cheerios, unfortunately. I couldn't get him to eat these after trying and trying and ""COME ON THEY ARE ORGANIC AND I PAID GOOD MONEY FOR THESE!"" and trying. Very disappointing. He did like the banana better than the other two. I disagree that they taste sweet. I really they think they taste bland. My son *loves* the HappyBaby Yogurt Melts,though."
"This gentle and all-natural organic formula repels by taste and odor groundhogs, skunks, dogs, cats, squirrels, raccoons, chipmunks and other nuisance animals unless they are starving or otherwise out of normal control, e.g. rabid. This is not an industrial repellent working against anything that walks, but rather for the suburban home and garden use. Its oil of black pepper, peperine and capsaicin are not offensive to people and applicable not only gardens, lawns, and landscaped areas, but also in basements, cellars, and storage."
"I've been a PG Tips drinker for years and have recently converted my wife to the joys of hot tea. The tea is a rich, full flavored blend that I enjoy with and without milk. I drink several large cups of tea throughout the day and this is the best value I've found. I bought this on the recurring delivery plan and may have to change the interval as I'm barely 30 days in and more than half way through the first box."
"This is my favorite flavored coffee, and I always stock up on it every holiday season. However, unless Amazon's description is wrong, it is being sold here for over $22.00 a pack. Considering I just bought a few packs at a local big-chain retailer for $8.78 per pack (which is the usual pricing), the amount charged by Amazon is about three times the price for which you can find it elsewhere. Pricing aside, this is the best peppermint-flavored coffee I have found."
"And although these do not taste as great as the fresh, they DO taste good -- and perhaps because they have been in liquid, in the can, they are softer and more of the stalk is edible (as contrasted with fresh-cooked, where the stalk usually gets tough once you get to the middle.) My simple tastes require nothing more than mayo and lemon on these tasty bundles. I pour the liquid into a glass and add some lemon there too-- yum."
"Wow. These are unlike any snack/health bar I've ever had. Cocoa Mole' is such a great flavor- nice and chocolatey with a kick of chili pepper- works great as a mid-morning snack! I like almost all the other Larabar flavors- except the banana which is kind of bland. Can hardly wait to try the Key Lime Pie and the Pistachio flavors. I wish these bars were sold in regular grocery stores, it's a long drive to Wild Oats from where I live..."
"We ate this popcorn and asked each other, ""Seriously? This is Cheez? Of the Big variety?"" We think adding your own cheese flavor, or getting the ""pour-over"" cheese popcorns like <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007SNZL6"">Orville Redenbacher's</a>, will give you more actual cheddar flavor than this popcorn will... because we wanted uber-cheese and we did not find it here. We agreed with each other that this popcorn is salty and delicious, but not in a cheese-tastic way. Seek cheese elsewhere."
This is the first time I have used land mined salt. I usually use salt from various sea sources. After reading several reviews here on Amazon I decided to try this salt. I was very pleasantly surprised the first time I tasted the salt. The flavor was fresh and subtle. Not like the salt you usually buy in the grocery stores. Plus it has a lot of trace minerals your body needs. I highly recommend this salt.
"This product was advertised by Amazon with the word, ""Equal"" and has a photo of Equal packets, but although it has the same ingredients as Equal and was distributed by the same company that makes Equal, it does not say, ""Equal"" anywhere on the product. I've done several taste-tests and it apparently tastes the same as Equal, but the listing on Amazon should have said that it isn't Equal. That's why I didn't give it five stars."
"I am in agreement with several of the users. I can buy any of these flavors for 4.99 online, at the manufactures website. Why would I pay 8.99 to 13.99 for the same. This is nothing but a customer advisory. Buy the syrups direct and save a bundle. As for the product, its a great product. Spending 99.00 on the machine means I have to drink a LOT of soda to equal 99.00 of sodas but it is more fun and a lot less waste."
"I love kind bars! As a super allergic person these have been very helpful. However when I received the ""apple cinnamon pecan"" bars, tore open the first one and saw CASHEW pieces, sadness resulted. If there is an ingredient as allergy causing as peanuts or cashews in a bar that I could SEE upon opening it should be noted somewhere. My mother won as I gave her the box if bars but I, sadly, had a big disappointment."
"These are very versatile green beans that I would not normally roast and drink on their own, but rather blended to make a truly robust brew. These beans definitely like a full city roast (although they stand up nicely to a french roast) to bring out the caramel/chocolatey notes that can take a more delicate bean to new heights. The beans are a bit larger than some of the other green bean products offered on Amazon, but roast nicely with my equipment."
"My 8 month old isn't quite capable of sucking the food out of those things yet, but if I squeeze it out into a bowl and spoonfeed her, she LOVES them! Mommy thinks they're rather tasty too ;) I felt like it was great value for our money, as we will be using these on vacation to lighten our loads (versus glass jars) but they're not cheap enough to buy for everyday use. I normally make my own baby food."
"*rolls eyes at other reviewer* of course its going to smell like a campfire they roast the tea over pine and its awesome!!! I love this tea, but their suggestion of one teaspoon is a bit conservative for black tea you usually do one tablespoon per cup not a teaspoon, its up to preference but i love this tea and the fact that it reminds me of camping is a plus! it makes me feel good, and it tastes great too!"
"Skyy likes this toy. It took her a while to figure out who to move the spinner toy, but once she got it, there was no stopping her. It's not as exciting for as her Smart Toys IQ Treat Ball, but she still gets excited when she sees me filling it. She runs to the rug where, I usually put it, and she has fun pushing it to get her treasures out. A great entertaining, and stimulating, toy for any dog! Highly recommend!"
"I have a chewer and at first the basic everlasting chew treats lasted a week or two for him. But the Dalmatian is clever, he now knows how to pry the disk out of the toy...drats! So I tried this version thinking it was different and it screwed together; but it didn't slow him down. The whole thing was chewed up in about 1/2 an hour. If your dog is not a voracious chewer---this will probably be good for him/her. My dog DOES love them!"
"I have tried original, BBQ and salt and vinegar. They all they good, the BBQ is the most flavorful. The salt and vinegar is a bit off, and it kind of has that ""hmm this taste like health food"". Which the BBQ doesn't have that effect at all. Though I'm still happy with my purchase. I have always been a fan of Popchips and always recommend my friends and family to eat this instead of their fried trans fatty chips."
"was also always running out of the juice from my jars of olives like most other dirty martini drinkers here. purchased 4 bottles about a month ago, still, the first bottle is there half way left. one thing is pretty clear- now that i have the olive juice home, i am starting to run out of olives- so if you still need to buy a jar of olives for a dirty martini, why bother to buy the juice on its own?"
"I usually prefer oily french-roasted expresso beans, but my sis always complains when she visits that my lattes taste burnt charcoals in frothy milk. So, tried something new--CICR's PNG-Med. roast. was very different from my usual, but pretty tastey. You can drink it black and w/out sugar and it's almost like cafe americano. Might have to order 5 lb bag next time--enjoy!<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000V9PGPE"">Organic Camano Island Coffee Roasters Papua New Guinea, Medium Roast, Whole Bean, 5-Pound Bag</a>"
"Kettle Chips are the best potato chip God has ever invented. I give the Lord thanks every day for delivering unto me such an incredulously delicious blend of ginger and spice, a veritable cornucopia of flavor. I have actually changed my diet to a strict regiment of the Spicy Thai & Sea Salt and Vinegar flavors, alternating days. I have already lost 5 lbs, not to mention the myriad of other health benefits I have been experiencing. Get your life back - with Kettle Chips."
"I decided to try this out after seeing an ad in a Bass Pro Shops catalog. I have two chihuahuas. One of them loved it and could probably lick it all day. The other dog wouldn't go near it. All in all, I think it really just depends on the dog itself; hence the mixed reviews here. It's not a bad product by any means, but probably not something I'll be buying often - just more of a fun treat every so often."
I like bold coffees and should have trusted the other reviewer who said it wasn't strong enough. This one has a watery finish to it and not very much flavor. I'll be going back to Emeril's Jazz'd Up Decaf and trying the Coffee People's French Roast Decaf. So far I've loved everything by the coffee people except the organic blend. If you like strong coffee don't buy this but if you like a weaker coffee that you can see through you'd probably enjoy this one.
"This water is great, I prefer the normal flavor, but the Passion Fruit version is good too. This stuff is great after a workout or a bike ride. It is also a great prophylactic to prevent hangover (have one when you conclude consumption, and another when you wake up). It seems to replenish necessary minerals, etc., to give you a more pleasant recovery. The packaging is great, the boxes are simple to open and stay cold for a long time. The only drawback is price."
"this is my favorite roast coffee. I love the dark roasts. I cannot STAND weak coffee. This is far from it, and for the price, it's like an amazing present of happiness to get THREE bags of it. Don't forget to SAVE the bags, as Starbucks has that thing goin' at select locations, where you can take the empty bag and get a free cup of coffee. I haven't done it yet, but there ya go. Happy beanin'."
"First, I have to confess that I don't care for flavored coffees. However, vanilla is one of my favorite flavors in other food products. So, when I came across this coffee, I thought I would give it a try. I have been consuming this coffee for the past 3 days and I can only say that I can tolerate this coffee. It didn't change my opinion of flavored coffees. I will still avoid them. I will return to regular coffee from now."
"If organic truly matters to you the fact that tuna oil is added to this puree is truly offensive. The mercury levels in tuna are high enough that pregnant and nursing women are advised to avoid certain amounts, yet it is okay to add to a babies food? And it is not specified as derived from organic or wild caught tuna. This carries absolutely no logic and just goes to show what happens when a major food company attempts organic. Garbage, complete and total garbage."
"How dissappointing. I have fond memories of the Taffy cookies from my late grandmother and her always full cookie jars. Imagine my dissappointment when I discovered these ""New"" Taffy cookies are not the same. They have too much coconut in the recipe. The old Taffy cookies were darker brown in color and had a completely different flavor. I wouldn't say these new cookies are terrible, but if you are labeling them as ""TAFFY"" cookies, they are definitely not a resurrection of the late greats :("
This is actually the first branded product I remember. I first ate this 40 years ago at my grandmothers. It still tastes as good. I'm so glad Amazon is offering products like this. My local health store stopped carrying it since it was getting kinda expensive. This isn't like corn flakes -- here a little goes a long way. But then you also don't get hungry an hour after eating it. And I don't have to force my kids to eat it!
"I bought the ""natural"" flavor, assuming it would be flavorless. WRONG! I bought it with the intention of adding it to my morning protein shake but it has a somewhat bitter citrus-y flavor that doesn't work in the shake. I guess I need to try it just in water and see if I can tolerate it that way. It's probably a great product/supplement but I'm having trouble getting past the taste. Probably would have been better to get a flavored variety."
"I ended up tossing my entire case of cookies in the trash. I've low-carb dieted for many years so I'm well acquainted with the ""effects"" of sugar substitutes, but what these little cookies do to your intestinal track just aint right. Even 1 cookie sent me over the edge. I gave some to two co-workers and they had the same reaction. Probably the best tasting sugar-free cookie I've ever samples, but be forewarned, you might pay for it in more ways than one."
"I ordered from east coast supplier before and even when shipped with a bag of frozen water the dark chocolate coating turned very light. I live on the west coast and this seller is in CA, so I got the Snickers in just a couple of days, instead of 10. And their shipping costs were less, they shipped via post for under $5, instead of via UPS. Lowest price I have paid for this candy and best quality."
"As far as convenience foods go, these nut bars are probably reasonably healthy. Sure they contain sodium caseinate, a neurotoxin, but overall the list of ingredients doesn't look any worse than most nut / granola bars that are advertised as healthy. And Planters doesn't even make any health claims. I enjoyed the flavor of these nut bars. Beware of trying to consume them in hot weather, they easily turn into a gooey mess. If you like peanuts, you should like these bars."
"We found this on through a deal site I use for its rss feeds, anyway the cereal arrived very quickly and in good shape. Too bad the taste was not good, I usually like sweet cereals but the flakes are frosted and that combined with the raisins was too much. I was hoping for something similar to Wheaties w/ raisins.. Suffice it to say these will go uneaten for a long time until we throw them out."
"When I ordered the item, I just did not realize the expense : 22$ (more or less) for a box containing 2 small bags of cereals! Really, the price is too high for the quantity you get and knowing that you can normally buy about 4 boxes for the same price! But it was my mistake not having paid attention to that problem on time! So, of course, the bad rating is only concerning the price, everything else being fine."
"This coffee has enough real coffee taste to please real coffee drinkers and enough flavor to please those who only like flavors! Simply put, one pot will please everyone in your house or at your party. Great for every day or at a party; morning or dessert. I love it and it is the only flavor I order now! I am a bold/espresso drinker and my mom is a weak coffee drinker, but we can agree on this. You won't be disappointed!"
"Nespresso makes GREAT coffee and GREAT machines. I switched over to a Nespresso machine 7 years ago and have never looked back. I save a small fortune every year by making my lattes at home. That being said, the Nespresso capsule offers posted here are from a third party who is putting a large additional margin on their price. You can order the same products online from Nespresso for approx $0.55 each (half the price here)."
"These are great chips! I also like the red chips. UNFORTUNATELY, Amazon ships these out in the vendor boxes which are very flimsy. All of the chips end up broken. It's so funny -- everything else Amazon sends out is in rugged Amazon boxes -- sometimes the item inside is in the vendor box so you get double protection. The items that should be double boxed (chips) don't get any protection at all and they are the most fragile."
"I ordered 1 case (12 bags) of the Pumpernickel and Jalapeno Cheddar sandwiches to give to a friend who who is going through Chemo/radiation, as these are his favorite. I was amazed that I put the order in yesterday afternoon and they arrived this morning. That was great! However, I was disappointed that the expiration date on all of the bags is Feb 13, 2011. 6 weeks from now. BOO on this from a quality perspective."
"Bought this at a boutique market in So Cal. I did so because the label said it was sweet. I don't know if it was on the shelf too long (as with alot of products in these boutiquey low volume markets), but it was soooo not even close to sweet, just pure tart vinegar. It went straight into the trash. I didn't see any expiration date jumping out at me. Would have been nice to see one prominently so I could have been warned."
"Stash Peach Tea is the best peach tea that we've found. For some reason it is always hard to find in OKC, it sells out as soon as it appears on the local store shelves. We found the 100 count box on line and ordered it. The price was higher per bag than the 20 count boxes that we buy at the local stores, but the convenience of finding it was worth the additional money spent."
"These k-cups are certainly bold and strong, but the finish is flat and thin. It's lacking in overtones after the inital dark wave. I just started exploring k-cups since my machine arrived last week. Initially I was surprised how watery the house blends are. I wanted something dark and rich in texture. But so far, I'd rather drink Tully's French Roast extra bold k-cups which is just about as strong as Dark Magic but with a wider spectrum and better finish."
"Beans were well packaged, clean and minimal debris. I typically roast 7 scoops /4 days worth outside on my bbq grill's side burner in a Whirley Pop with thermometer to ""full city"". I grind them just before use each morning in a Kyocera conical burr manual grinder to a fine consistency (like granulated sugar). Finally, I make espresso in a Gaggia Classic using the non-pressurized portafilter and froth milk to end up with a cappucino. Heaven. Starbuck's, eat your heart out."
"I like one cup of coffee in the afternoon at work and I want it strong. With Via I can make one cup of decent coffee quickly. It's also a good product to take traveling. It's so much better than restaurant coffee but you don't pay the ridiculous price you can pay at a Starbucks. It's a huge improvement over instant coffee, but it's not equal to the real thing. Honestly, I think it deserves 3 1/2 stars."
Seriously delicious. Not sure where the bad reviews are coming from but this stuff is one of the better tasting jerkys I have ever had. The balance of the spice and sweetness is spot on. It seemed rather fresh. This stuff is just plain good. My only complaint is that it wasn't in bigger pieces and that I wish it didn't have so many scrap/small pieces. Not enough to deduct stars because the taste is there.
I just finished my first bag of this tea. I decided to try a brand of 100% hibiscus and was very disappointed. I enjoy the flavors mixed in this tea. I tried adding my own cinnamon and orange peel to the other brand but it does not come close to the flavor of this tea. I gave up and ordered this again. I might experiment and mix some of it with the 100% brand since I hate to waste that non-flavorful tea.
"Mollie, my Aussie Shepherd mix, loves Greenies. And I like that the lite is better for her--even though she is an active dog. We've not had any problems with her chewing or digesting them--as others have. She loves the taste, but eats them slowly enough to make the bits small pieces. And I value how they clean her teeth. All in all, we love them, but I watch her while she eats; I wouldn't put them in her kennel while I was away."
"I encountered this tea at a tea house in Calgary, Canada. It was SO good that I went ahead and ordered it but that has to be done online directly from Revolution since no stores seems to carry this tea. It's fabulous tea, amazing flavor. But when you think that it works out to almost $1 an infuser...I intend to enjoy what I have - because I won't be able to order it again at those prices."
"I've always loved the taste of figs, but have honestly found most fig cookies to be a bit rich, in particular Fig Newtons. That's why I was really curious to try this new variation. I can honestly say that they have the fig flavor I'm looking for without the over-rich fig filling of the normal cookies. They have have a bit more substance to them in terms of texture, and are more cookie-like and less short-bread in nature."
"I,ve searched every grocery chain in the entire area in SC and no one had it. I finally though of Amazon and lo and behold there were two suppliers. This order will hold me for a long time (12 ct), but when you want it it's there. I love Mac and Cheese, but the pac of topping included is usually stingy on the cheese, so this way I can give my meal a little boost. Thanks Amazon I needed that."
"Thought I was getting a really good buy on these until I read the label. The dosage amount of Glucosamine/Chondroitin is vague. It appears I need to give my dog an entire bag to get him 500 mg of glucosamine. Too expensive for me. The dogs love them, so if you want to give them an expensive treat they'll love, go for it. If you are trying to get a preventative dose of glucosamine in a treat look elsewhere."
"If you want a new way of preparing this pudding, try this if you have a strong blender. Put the fat free milk in the freezer and after it freezes put it in the blender. Blend it a little and then add the pudding mix and you can add some sweetener like Splenda if you like it super sweet. After it has been completely mixed put it in the freezer again for two hours and enjoy:)"
"It does not take a coffee expert to notice this. Before this, I had Dunkin Donuts' ground coffee. For the same amount of coffee, this 8'clock one generates much less aroma and coffee-taste. I had to put in so much more to feel some taste of coffee. In this regard, this is not worth the money. I am even wondering if they blend non-coffee things in it. I really do not understand where the good reviews comes from."
"The added grains make these a better choice than the usual chips. They have the same sugar, salt and oil so there are better food snack choices out there, if you care about your health. If they had been made with organic ingredients I might have given them another star. I doubt I would ever purchase this item. Snacks like this are expensive and with food prices going up it has to be really special to make it into the cart."
I received a 7 pod aero garden a couple years ago as a Christmas gift. For 2 years I really liked it. I had fresh herbs all winter long it was great. Then last Christmas I received more seeds to plant. I got the seeds all ready and plugged in the Aero garden. It was broke and unfixable and the warranity had run out. I really would like another one but it is not worth the money for just 2 years.
"I love this new chili sauce by Frank's. It is slightly chunky, great tasting with a nice blend of sweet and spicy. I like spicy and I wouldn't mind even spicier but I think this will be the right ""heat"" for most people. It is great on burritos, chimichangas, flautas, chicken strips, chicken breasts. It makes a great chip dip by pouring it on top of a block of cream cheese. It is also great for dipping carrot and celery sticks."
"With the price of coffee (as well as everything else) going up, this offer from Amazon at a lower price was great! This was not three jars, but rather was three packages of the product. I have been using Maxwell House instant coffee in jars for some time and I found the packaged product tasted the same as in the jar. For convenience, I just poured each package into one of my Maxwell House jars, which was a matching quantity, so it worked out very well."
"Recieved only one of each and not what is listed. For the Emerald Cocktail Peanuts, 12-Ounce Canisters (Pack of 12) - I received one 4.0 bag of Diamond Chopped Pecans For the Emerald Sea Salt & Pepper Cashew, 10oz Canister (Pack of 4) I received one 4.0 bag of Diamond Chopped Walnuts. What's the deal here? Now I can't return them, but they are not what I ordered. This isn't even close to what was ordered. Please fix."
"My two Shih Tzu are picky eaters. But they seem to like the Wellness foods better than any other I've tried. However, this particular variety doesn't seem to be quite as big of a hit with them as the other Wellness canned varieties we've tried. But they do eat it. As for it helping with food allergies.. and for sensitive stomachs.. I'm not so sure yet. I've been feeding it to them for several weeks now, but don't see any diference so far."
"Many dry grain free foods are good but few give great bang for your buck. Taste of the Wild certainly does. It ranks among the highest rated grain free dry dog food in the market and the price can't be beat. My lab loves it, and the kibbles are ideal for snack/treat size as well. I used to buy treats for training but these kibbles to the job... thus saving me more money. The 30lbs bag is work the purchase. I highly recommend it."
"Georgia, our wirehair fox terrier learned how to work the Tug-A-Jug the first day we got it. We fill it with dry dog food, not treats, and she likes it better than her food dish. My daughter-in-law has a chihuahua and a boxer, so I bought another toy for them, but the chihuahua takes the toy into his cage, and will not let the boxer near it. I have now ordered another one for my son's two dobermans."
"I'm not sure if there are availability issues with the manufacturer or some other mitigating factors, but the current pricing for Black Tiger is ridiculous. First, the removal of this fine coffee from the Subscribe & Save program was bad enough but the jump in cost has been an even worse follow-up. The term ""price jump"" is an understatement. This sort of increase is usually only seen in black market supply & demand situations. Maybe it's time to go back to burr grinders and french presses."
"I am a tea-a-holic, I drink tea all day long, and was looking for a decaf subsitute to my vanilla hazelnut Bigelow. This does not taste like vanilla or nut to me, it is kind of fruity and has a bad aftertaste. I am very sad, even tried to give the remaining 5 boxes away and none of my friends wanted them after drinking a cup. Too bad, I love Stash green tea, and the white/green fusion one is my favorite."
"Read this article from NBC Nightly News about arsenic in organic sweeteners like brown rice syrup (one of the main ingredients in this product) and you might think twice about purchasing these cereal bars. My daughter had been eating them regularly as a snack...not anymore. ""High levels of arsenic, a chemical linked to cancer, chronic diseases and developmental effects, have been found in foods that list organic brown rice syrup as a primary ingredient, according to a new study from Dartmouth University..."" [...]"
"So I looked at several options of bulk agave and I've found that just going to Costco is more cost effective. They are charging .27 cents a ounce. a 36 oz double pack bottle at Costco comes out to $9.69 or .13 cents an ounce. The gallon is nice I just finished one, but times are hard, I'm just saying. Now if you don't have a Costco membership I can understand. I'm giving this 3 stars for the price not the product."
"It's been said in other reviews but it bears saying again. THIS IS GLUTEN-FREE. It's just a copy/paste error from their non-gf version. Now onto the taste. I love taking these with me in the morning or heading to class at night because they're tasty, not that bad for you, and a great snack if you're not a big breakfast fan. I can find these in my local store (in blueberry) but I love the convenience of being able to buy a whole box online."
"This is a great gluten-free granola. I enjoy it with yogurt and fruit and with soy milk and fruit. I am excited to try making a gluten-free fruit crisp with it. I was dissapointed that the nutrition information on Amazon's site was inaccurate. There is less fiber and more sugar in the product than listed. However, I will still continue to purchase this delicious granola. My husband and son who don't have to follow a restrictive diet also enjoy it."
I bought these to replace the occational candy bar and for a grab and go snack. They are delicious and very filling. Yes they are made with healthy ingredients and yes they are organic. No this is not diet food. These babies pack a caloric punch similar to a candy bar and so you need to keep that in mind. They are great for being a little naughty without filling up on fake food and chemical frappe.
"After receiving this item I was taken aback by the size of the container. I bought it when I was in a hurry and didn't read the size indicated in the description, which was accurate. My fault. The picture that was illustrating this product when I bought it did not show anything close to the thimble sized amount I received. I'll be more careful next time. At the time of this review, the picture was accurate."
"I was looking for alternative healthy protein snack with less fat than slim jims. Texas BBQ sounded like an awesome flavor---so I bought them. For those of you who have never tried them....pick up a rubber band, baste it in bbq sauce and then eat. That is what this soy protein jerky taste like...a bbq flavored rubber band. The only way I will ever eat these again is if the world no longer has any other protein choice available."
Hi! I bought a case of Bean & Body Coffee Anti-Ox from Warehouse Deals. Thus the price was reduced. The drink was very good. I'd say flavor would have been better if item was not approaching the best by date. Fresher if newer but more expensive. That's my reason for 4 stars. Full price is a bit much in these times. Otherwise for a change from the more commonly found brands Bean & Body is a refreshing drink treat. I recommend you try this drink.
"Despite the other review, this is the best BBQ sauce I've ever had. It's a mustard based sauce, so if that's not your thing, move on. It's not really that spicy (used to be called Habanero sauce), in fact, that would be my only complaint. As much I love shopping Amazon, buy this direct from their website if you're going to order 6 bottles or more, it's cheaper ($55/12). It's great on pulled pork and burgers. Try it!"
"I've tried the hickory and peppered so figured I'd try the cajun too since I like spicy food. It has a nice kick to it but it's not too hot, at least in my opinion. The spicy taste lingers in your mouth for a bit but it's not a hot burn. It's not as tasty as I'd like but overall it's good and I'll order it again. My favorite is the peppered though, great taste and just a little spice from the pepper."
"As a relatively new Keurig user (former Senseo user), I have been trying various flavored coffees along with regular pods. This coffee was not bad, just not my favorite flavor combination. I'm not sure why because how can you beat chocolate and raspberry. This is just a personal preference issue. The product was received in a timely manner and arrived in good shape. So far my favorite flavored coffee is Timothy's Sugar Bush maple. This flavor may work well for you. Enjoy"
I ordered this from Amazon like 6 months ago and I still have 3 packs remaining. I am an Indian and love chicken curry but I'm sorry to say that this prodduct was a complete disappointment. I have had other products from KoI. The paste is not spicy at all- rather bland. It seems to be missing some of the spices needed to make it taste Indian. Not recommended especially if you've had authentic Indian curry in India.
I ordered this and several other plants from this seller. I was quite suprised to find that the plant was much larger than I expected (with a full six heads on it!) and well packed. Every plant I got in this shipment is thriving and happy. It has been two weeks now and nothing has failed to thrive. This is more than I can say about others that I have bought from! I will be buying from this company again.
"i have loved this product for years, and when I saw them on sale at Amazon, I jumped and placed an order. It si very rare for Amazon to mess something up, but they did this time. Their shipping method reduced the cookies to shards and crumbs. You could never serve them in that condition. But they make a fantastic crust. Lets face it, on this one item, Amazon completely dropped the ball on shipping."
"My wife and I love this stuff. I started reading about it, but she wasn't sold on it until we picked up some at a local healthy foods store. Then, BAM!!! she fell in love, as did I. So I looked on Amazon, found a good price with good reviews and made a purchase. Just received it a few days ago, and it is simply fantastic. Can't go wrong with this choice. I will buy Vitacost coconut oil again."
"I made a mistake in ordering. I usually order Gevalia t-discs for my Bosch Tassimo machine. How did I order the wrong coffee? Turns out that the packaging for Maxwell House t-discs and the Gevalia t-discs is almost identical. After finding what I wanted to order from the list on Amazon, I ended up selecting the wrong coffee. Sadly there is no comparison between the Gevalia coffee and the Maxwell House. The Maxwell House tastes like hot water."
"My 3.5 yo has had these for about a year and loves them. They are super good quality pieces, and have a little bag for storage. My only complaint is that the shoelaces do not have any stoppers at the end, and knots would have to be pretty big to keep the pieces from falling off the ends. I use one of the pretzel pieces to make a stopper, but you could also tie a large wooden bead on the end."
"A handful of these Quaker Oatmeal Squares make a great snack. They are reasonably healthy and have a great taste of brown sugar with a big crunch. Unfortuanetly, they don't do so well in milk. Although they hold their crunch very well, they quickly lose their flavor in milk. I guess that the ""hint of brown sugar"" isn't enough to stand up to the milk. So, they becaome a somewhat flavorless crunchy breakfast. Not bad, but not so great."
"I'm not a huge coffee aficionado so this is my layman's perspective. This was my first experience with ESE pods and I found them to be very convenient, with a slight improvement to the ground canister espresso. Although I prefer the smoothness of the Illy ESE pods that I subsequently purchased, these Lavazza pods are individually wrapped which although maybe not the most ecological solution do preserve the freshness of the coffee. I felt the price was fair for the quality and the conveneince."
"I bought this for my husband for Christmas because I already knew that he loves it so much. He's always amazed that the caffeine free version of this tea has no actual tea in it but tastes the same as the regular Good Earth tea. My only disappointment was that when this arrived at our house, it came in a box that said Good Earth ALL OVER IT! It ruined the surprise of his Christmas present but not his enjoyment of the tea I suppose!"
This was my first attempt with gluten-free bread. I have made 'regular' bread for years. This was so much easier - and just as good. I did go to the website for Pamela's products and read her tips on bread - and added an extra egg as suggested for extra softness. This will be my 'basic' bread recipe from which to branch out and try different flavors. Try this bread mix - you will not be disappointed.
"So we were down in the islands and tasted some of these while in Cayman and just loved them. So, we thought hey, what better way to have a Island party back home then to have shipped right to our door some tasty Rum Cakes from the Islands. Its good stuff folks. This one was my favorite. The coconut makes it a extra ""Island Taste"" Treat. The 33 oz box served 8 people, but if people are hungry, more like 6. :)"
"I like that these granola bars are packed with 4 gram of fiber and 4 grams of protein. At 110 calories per bar, it's a guilt free treat! The granola bars have a nice blend of chocolate and peanut butter, which helps curb cravings. The bars are made of granola mixed with peanut butter chips, dipped in and drizzled with chocolate. However, the bars are just a tad dry and feel a bit gritty. Would definitely taste better with a tall glass of milk."
"I received yeast and ""Sorbitan Monostearate"" I did NOT order ""sorbitan Monostearate"" I ordered just ""YEAST"" I waited ten days for chemicals? A person who bakes their own bread wants the best! This is garbage. To return this item I must pay out of my own pocket to ship it back for their mistake. What a rip off. This same yeast at my grocery store does not have the extra ingredient. I am very disappointed and feel they have stolen from me."
"I ordered these as a gift and they came in a brown paper bag. That's it. How does one give a gift that comes in a brown paper bag? Should have went to a retail store. Makes me wonder what the quality is. Did they just pick them up off of the floor and put random ones in a bag? Also, if your looking for a majority of eggnog flavored coffee, I certainly got a disproportionate amount. Merry Christmas."
This stuff is amazing! I tried it once at and Au Bon Pain at the airport and loved it so much I simply had to order a case! I like the can better than the bottles that I had in the past because they are bigger. There are 100 calories in the can and it is a really great source of potassium. It tastes great with some rum or you can even use it to make pina coladas. Any way it tastes amazing!
"I just opened my first bag of Azar Chef Express Pecan Halves. These are, without a doubt, the best nuts I've ever eaten. They're super sweet, super crisp, super fresh and super flavorful. I kept checking the label to make sure these roasted (more like toasted) nuts didn't have any undesirable seasonings, but they don't even have any salt! These are nothing like other nuts I've ordered online. It's pretty unbelievable how freshly picked they taste."
"I was so excited to try a new BOLD coffee.....needless to say, I am disappointed. I would rate this coffee as a MEDIUM. If it would have been listed as a MEDIUM, I would have given it a higher rating because this is truly a MEDIUM strength coffee in taste and flavor. I will still drink it from time to time- flavor is smooth, not bitter. Overall, I wish that I would have ordered some more Jet Fuel or Black Tiger."
"I've been excitedly trying every type of K cup I can get my hands on since I got my Keurig for christmas and, until now, have not encountered any that I truly hate. Until I discovered this one. I would have though it pretty difficult to ruin hot chocolate but the people at Grove Square certainly did a good job. Not only was the hot chocolate watery, but it had a horrible plastic aftertaste also. Yuck!"
"My cats prefer their wet food to be the kind that is chunks in gravy and not the pate kind. They normally love all of the varieties of Natural Balance's Platefulls, but they DO NOT LIKE the salmon, tuna, chicken, and shrimp flavor. They only lick the gravy off and leave the chunks to dry out. Also, someone seems to get a sick tummy more often since we got this package. So, it's a waste of my money."
"Lickety Stik lickable pet treat from PetSafe are a hit at my house. My dog gets excitement every time I pulled it out. It seems to be as good as a a moist treat without the sticky mess. A tidy rollerball dispenses all-natural liquid goodness --my dog just lap it up! All-natural flavors, naturally preserved Only 1 calorie in every 10 licks Over 500 licks per bottle No mess roller-ball Great for training Conveniently fits in your pocket"
This pancake mix tastes good but the construction of the canister is a huge failure. 2 out 3 canisters were dented and leaked near the bottom where the metal bottom lid is attached to the round soft carton body. Ditched all of them because of fear for contamination and bugs. The nuts probably had gone stale as well because of the exposure. Won't buy this again because who likes to go through the hassle with returning it and getting your money back.
"Quick summary - it tastes a little bit like a cough syrup but gives you a boost in energy. Pros - Healthier than canned energy drinks - Contains more natural ingredients than most energy drinks - Gives a small boost in energy - High in vitamins an anti-oxidants (read info for exact details) Cons - Tastes like medicine Since the taste is quite important for a drink, I can only give this 3 stars."
"I don't know why there are not more banana flavored products, because many people love this flavor. This cake is exceptionally tasty for a snack cake! Very sweet, and with a very creamy filling and soft cake rolled around the filling. I love these!! They appear to be somewhat expensive on the Amazon site tho; which is too bad; i was looking to buy a case at a good price. But at $10.00 for a box of 6, that wont be happening now."
"At the Starbucks online store, this coffee is $10.95/lb (approx 68 cents per ounce). Here at Amazon with a 3-pack (should be discounted, right?), you get 3 x 12oz (36 oz) for $28.20, which is approx 78 cents per ounce. Not to mention that anti-green waste of 3 smaller packages...it's more expensive than at the company store!! I think a lot of people buy these thinking they are getting 1 lb bags, which seem to be the standard. Great coffee, not a great deal."
"I took a chance having read other reviews that said the coffee was pretty dried out, and that's what I got too. Maybe it wasn't fresh stock, or maybe it's just a dry light brown bean that doesn't brew rich coffee. A friend of mine who has good taste in coffee recommended this product at Amazon to me, but I don't think I got what he got. I am going back to my goopy dark Pete's beans even at 2X+ the price."
"All five of the Fancy Feast subscriptions I signed up for have been unreliable. Im October, I signed up for delivery every two months and received shipments only in October and December (it's now March 18, but I canceled all of my subscriptions yesterday). What was supposed to be 48-can cases Amazon turned into 24-can cases, with one flavor being canceled entirely. I was notified by Amazon that shipments would be sent in mid-February, but they never arrived."
"When I saw the three new Gevalia Extra Bold blends were finally available, I bought the Dark House Blend and Italian Roast to try. The Dark House blend is the first I've opened, but so far my reaction is BRAVO...it's quite good! It's nice and smooth and not bitter. I like it every time I have a cup so I would definitely recommend this one. I'm glad I was able to get something new before my old stock of Starbucks Afrika (my former FAVE) ran out."
I picked up some of this tea at the grocery store last week. It has some grassy aftertaste that many green teas have but not as much as some brands. I was careful with water temp and how long I let it steep and it wasn't bitter. It tastes somewhat clean and fresh but I like the much less expensive Salada better and I don't have to be careful with it like I do with Stash teas.
"This is a perfect quick meal for those cold blustery days. If you like clam chowder like I do, then you can't go wrong with this one. It's a big can with a pull top (nice, no can opener needed) add a dab of butter and some fresh ground pepper and enjoy this thick soup with lots of goodies in it. I would of given it five stars but I think the price should be a litter lower. I will order again."
Good coffee and its a fair trade product so you can feel extra great inhaling the scent and complex yet simple flavors yet knowing you've helped the earth and the people on it a bit in your small way. Each drop of rain causes a ripple in a lake. One step at a time if we each do one thing like even falling for this easy to use organic coffee that will softly delight your tastebuds without overpowering them.
"I have a 6 pound toy poodle and she would be very depressed without her daily ration of greenies. She knows that after supper she receives her greenie and she loves them. It is the one thing that I can depend on her eating. Since we do feed a lot of soft food, the greenie helps clean her teeth. The price on these greenies is very good and they were fresh and came in a timely manner."
"I don't have much experience with ginger drinks, but I kept an open mind when trying this product. The smell was pleasant but the taste is simply too strong for me. I was only able to finish half of the cup due to the power of the drink. I think this product is only for ginger lovers. Packaging and instructions are straight forward. Instructions are in English, French, and I believe Spanish. Packets have a little incision for easy opening w/o scissors or a knife."
"i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is. thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot! What a mistake! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted! Like few others say, it also stinks up your place. I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box, i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup!"
"Buyers beware of this rip off--the Earth's Best infant formula (and Vermont Organic) is produced by exactly the same manufacturer and are the same to the microgram. Literally THE EXACT SAME STUFF just re-packaged and marked up 40-60%, depending upon where you are buying it. Go with the Wal Mart Organic brand if you want this formula, because you're throwing your money away otherwise. I was glad I'd only bought one can of the Earth's Best before I realized this!"
"After having some incredible green tea with ginger at a restaurant, I began my search for something similar. I eventually decided on this tea, and I'm very happy with it. It's very smooth and has great flavor that's not dominated or overpowered by the ginger or lemongrass. I also agree with the previous reviewer that this works wonders for an upset stomach. The price is also very fair, given the high cost of quality loose leaf teas."
"I was not happy at all with this. Not only did it take very long to arrive at my doorstep, the canister was already popped on the bottom with jelly beans spilled out in the box. It took many angry emails to find out this product was on backorder, to send a replacement. Since I was already waiting six weeks I chose to take the partial money back they offered. I will never order with them again!"
"The Babycook works well as a steamer but the blender is basically useless. Unless your blending a full container the food gets stuck to the sides and your constantly stopping to scrape the food back to the blades. Very frustrating. Now, only after 1 month of use the blender actually quit working altogether. I am going to return it and buy the Baby Bullet. I have friends that own it and say it works great."
I bought this to add to his vegetables but honestly by Stage 3- he is really ready to eat big people foods now so he is NOT intereted. The taste of this seems very unpleasing to him. He prefers the Spring Vegetables and Pasta- the chunks of pasta he enjoys. This is a horrible Subscribe and Save item. Too many of them now more than I know what to do with. Idea: we mix half a jar with steamed smashed rice...:)
"super small candy bars, with high priced shipping. just buy a few ""score bars"" at your local 7-11 for a fraction of the price and a third larger toffee bar!!! these bars are real small, about 2/3's the size of a regular candy bar, and with shipping came out to $3.00 a peice!!! tase good, but not THAT good!!!! dont waste your money- IKEA used to sell the jumbo size bars, for $4.00- that is what i thought i was getting, not these 3 bite bars"
"I didn't know what to expect when I ordered this, but I was more than pleasantly surprised. It tastes like regular French Roast Coffee, but it's easier on your stomach. Suffering from acid reflux disease myself, I can see that there would be extra benefit to drinking this brew. I love my coffee and don't want to give it up. If regular coffee upsets your stomach with reflux, you should give this product a whirl--I think you'll be pleasantly surprised."
"I agree with other reviews, feed them less of this dog food! Both my dogs gained weight within the first week and a half. While this food is way over priced online, it is good for the money in discount feed stores. My dogs eat less of this, have way more energy (I could do without that part) and they don't smell so doggish. The ingredients are good quality and this dog food does have 5 stars on dogfoodadvisor.com...yay!"
"This bags are very difficult to open with the aid of some tool, such as scissors, don't even try without scissors. They are crispy and taste like chips that aren't advertised as being salted. They definitely aren't healthy, because I can feel the grease all over my fingers when eating them, and I can see the grease at the bottom of the bag, too. They are high-quality chips, and deserve to be put on your table."
"I got this coffee for the first time when Amazon had a lightening deal, offering it for $13. When I opened the bag, it smelled so freshly roasted! After brewing, I was amazed how this coffee is seriously dark and strong as it stated! I didn't need to grind as much as I use for other coffee to achieve strong taste, yet this coffee is never acidic or bitter. Simply wonderful coffee for strong coffee lovers like me!"
"The coffee tastes great. It's bold enough flavor wise without any bitterness. However, we have an explosion with about every other k-cup. The foil seal on the top breaks and coffee and grounds spew out the top. Wouldn't be surprised if shipping in the summer heat weakened the adhesive that seals the foil. I'd buy it again because I like the coffee so much, but be prepared to clean up messes if you get a batch of k-cups like we did."
"pros: + resistant to overbrewing (getting bitter) when left to steep for long periods of time cons: - very little smell or taste - cannot re-brew, even once; a good green tea can be re-brewed twice for a total of three brews - about twice as expensive as my previous green tea, which is far superior in every way except for the overbrewing issue noted above i'm going back to my previous tea: http://www.amazon.com/Yamamotoyama-Loose-Sencha-Green-7-Ounce/dp/B003XUL1MK/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid=1331447807&sr=8-5"
"The last batch that I received were very brittle. I know that crunchy or hard is great for keeping dog teeth clean. But, I have a small dog approx. 7-8lbs who does not like it even in small pieces. I prefer to give them the dried meat products for strong muscles. The packages that are sold at the stores are far more expensive, so for the price, I will tolerate the brittleness of their favorite food."
"I won't bore you with stats about salt, the good bad or ugly. Yes, you are supposed to take it in moderation, so when you do salt your food, it should be done with this salt. It is a really high quality pure, and tasty treat. It offers a little more distinction that your Kosher Sea Salt, which is a bland NaCL. This is chock full of trace minerals that your body needs. Bottom line: good product."
"I have yet to find a Bob's Red Mill product i don't like but this cereal is one of my favorites. the directions are easy, and the only suggestion i'd make to change it is to add some fruit for flavor and some chopped walnuts for texture. i prefer to add dried cranberries myself, but my wife likes it with dried apricots. it cooks faster than oatmeal and really sticks to your ribs while warming you up for the day."
"This would get five stars except for the price. It has a flavor reminiscent of the salad dressing I used to buy from an Asian restaurant--a little sweet and gingery (though I don't think ginger is an ingredient). This is my favorite of all the dressings Foods Alive makes. It's best used straight out of the fridge. Otherwise, it thins out too much and doesn't stick to the salad as well. It ends up in a puddle in the bottom of the dish."
"My husband and I love Cella's chocolate-covered cherries and I've ordered them many times from Amazon, but each time used a different seller. This batch is awful. The chocolate is melted not crisp, the bottoms of each piece looks as if a thumb has pushed them up and there doesn't appear to be any liquid center. Some of the pieces are sticky, too. I will never use this seller again. I wasted my money and that makes me angry."
"First off I am no tea connoisseur, although I do enjoy a good cup of tea prepared under the right conditions. I was disappointed, probably because of higher hopes, but the tea leaves I received are almost powder form like in tea bags. High quality leaves when it comes to appearance are complete leaves or almost complete. I'm not sure what quality the other reviews are talking about. Second the taste isn't to my liking, seems rather flat, but again i am no connoisseur."
"I am an adventurous person who likes new things and when Amazon began selling the Bahlsen line I tried a number of their products and found them to be enjoyable and tasty, but the Hannover Wafer Cookies are, to my palate, rather bland and tasteless. The texture is pleasing, though a little grainy tasting and the creme filling has little flavor. They're very high in saturated fat, and devoid of flavor..Think I'll stick with the Bahlsen Delobas'."
"These are real yummy. You can get real creative and put olive oil, spices or whatever you can think of to make the perfect hummus. The only problem I had with it was if I don't stir rigorously, lumps form. It's also a bit salty, so watch how much you eat in one go. I love these, btw, these go perfectly with the Dr. Krackers crackers, (also available on Amazon) for a great tasting healthy snack."
"I have been to New Orleans at one of the Pat O Briens and had there hurricanes and this mix can taste just like what you would get at the restaurant. The key is that the mix makes twice as much as it says it makes, so if you go by the directions it will takes powdery. So either use half as much powder or twice as much water, mix with your favorite rum(what they use), vodka or gin and a nice sweet hurricane."
"I bought this product in a store. Obviously, it isn't vegan since it has dairy. But I don't think anyone can convince me it is vegetarian. It tastes dangerously close to beef boullion. I'm not vegetarian, so I use them interchangably. Having said that, though, it tastes fabulous, even compared to beef boullion. I enjoy having it in the kitchen and it dissolves within seconds in hot water. The price is wonderful, too, in my opinion."
"We have several cats, one of which has had a vomiting problem for many years. We tried many cats food. Science diet sensitive is one of the foods that works. There are 2 otherss. 1 is Purina 1 Sensitive which is also great. the other is a Royal Canin Oral Sensitive. I think the Science Diet and the Purina 1 are the best. We also give the cat Prednisolone under a Vet prescription, as the vet said it was inflamatory bowel disease."
I liked raviolis as a kid and thought I would enjoy the childhood flavors again. Chef Boyardee Raviolis taste pretty good just like I remember. Really filling too! Usually when a product is really filling I know it has lots of fat and these raviolis were no exception. 3.5 grams of saturate fat! I'm not accustom to eating that much fat and they made we feel a little nauseous shortly after eating them. Lighten it up Chef Boyardee!
"I'm trying to wean off Splenda and decided to give Truvia a shot. Perhaps Truvia is healthier and more natural, but the taste ruins my coffee. It has a slight saccharin taste which I can't stand. I'm going to try a few other Stevia-based sweeteners with the hopes of finding something without an aftertaste. Edit: Just tried Truvia and there's no comparison- Truvia wins, hands down. It's much more similar to sugar, in both taste and texture. It's more expensive but well worth the cost."
"I actually like this tea, but I did give it three stars for a couple of reasons. The tea, in my opinion, is average... nothing really to set it apart... three stars is average... The tea is not organic, no really high points, no really bad points... again... average. The biggest negative for me is the price... at the supermarket they usually have sales on tea that would make this a lot cheaper if bought there."
"I've bought Millstone from several grocery stores for several years, and it's always been pretty good. I ordered two packages from Amazon and both tasted absolutely awful. No wonder...the ""best by"" date on both packages of coffee was dated two months prior to my order. I'll still buy dry goods and true unperishable items from Amazon Grocery, but I'll skip things like coffee, nuts and other foods that go bad or degrade in quality after significant storage time."
"These are the only treats my puppy really loves along with ""Milk-Bone Soft & Chewy Chicken Recipe Treats (37 oz)"" that I also buy on amazon.com. I get a huge bag of Zuke's Mini Naturals"" and store them in a glass jar. The ""Milk-Bone"" treats already come in a large jar. I take the Zuke's along on walks for training and use them in the house for training and rewards. I will continue to buy them and highly recommend them."
"I tried Zola Coconut Water after reading some rave reviews. I was excited to try a new brand at a good price. It was good, but not my favorite. I have tried many brands of coconut water, but I prefer the coconut water from Thai coconuts the best. The source for Zola is Brazil, I believe. Some may love it. It is sweet and refreshing, but there was something about the after taste that I didn't like. Just my opinion. Worth trying."
This is an awesome addition to a Keurig coffee unit. It allows immediate visual of choices of tea or coffees. Also practical since the Coffee maker sits on top and this is a drawer underneath. Fabulous asset if you want speed in the morning and have no time to fumble around with various boxes or other coffee containers. Choices are at the coffee maker and at the finger tip. Immediate use! The family loves this coffee drawer. Highly recommend. MJR
"The texture of this food is like cooled pea soup. It's not as stiff as some of the pate style foods and my cat likes it. All but the veggies that is. So she leaves not only the veggies, and there are a lot of them, but also a good bit of the chicken surrounding each veggy. This makes for more waste than I am willing to tolerate so I won't be buying any more Spot's Stew."
"I received this chocolate yesterday, from the clear plastic box, you can tell there are green/white mold coming out of the chocolate. It is so gross. I am so glad i didn't send this as a gift to my friends and family. I will return this immediately. This makes me question the credibility of this seller. Buyers should watch out. And plus you can get the same exact box of chocolate in Walgreen this week for only $7.99. I think this seller are way overpriced."
"Be sure to do your homework re: this product before purchasing. I have three dogs, and they were all getting sick once Canidae changed their ""formula"" late summer to early fall. Once I googled the product and read the many complaints, all with dogs with the same symptoms, I immediately took my dogs off of the food, and they've been healthy again since. I'll never trust this product again, and had been a loyal customer for 3+ years."
"Based on other online reviews, I couldn't wait to taste these cookies. I brought the box inside the moment I saw it on my front porch, grabbed a box from the larger box, and sampled. Holey moley, these shortbread cookies are fabulous! Be warned that there is a tiny down-side, though. Each 23 g cookie contains 4g of saturated fat...that's 20% of the daily value, folks. However, there is no denying that these are wonderful."
"This was my third order for chocolate neccos and as usual, they arrived in a timely manner and were packaged so as to minimize breakage. I love the product and cannot find it in our local stores anymore so am very happy to have found a reliable source. My only complaint is for the makers of the candy and that is that I don't like the white chocolate wafers and throw them away but I love the other three flavors."
"I used this to make rocky candy as meth for a costume prop. I dressed as Hiesenburg from Breaking Bad. It does work, I used two drops, but you have to be careful. Because boiling sugar, corn syrup and hot water makes a yellowish color, adding too little, too much or stirring too much can change to a green color. Took me three tries (first Americolor Sky Blue, second McKormick Neon Blue and third Americolor Sky Blue again), but I got it eventually."
"This cereal is fresh, healthy, and beautifully packaged. There are just WAY too many sunflower seeds! Sunflower seeds are listed as the 3rd ingredient after whole grain wheat and date crumbles. Every bite is a mouthful of sunflower seeds and the taste overwhelms the other ingredients. If you like sunflower seeds a lot, this is the cereal for you. But I don't care for how prominent the flavor and texture of sunflower seeds are in this product."
"I make all of my own baby food but I was looking for a quick and easy substitue to use in a pinch, especially if we are out running around. These ""Baby Gourmet"" packages are great to throw in a diaper bag and if you are out longer than you expect your baby won't be left hungry. The packaging is really nice and doesn't get yucky even if it is in your bag for a a week or two."
"My 2 small dogs LOVE these. It keeps their breath fresh and does actually minimize tartar build up on their teeth. One of my dogs is not food motivated and could care less about chewing on bones and chew toys. BUT, she goes absolutely nuts for these. They are not messy and the new formula digests just as well as their dog food. I give each of my dogs one per day so I buy them in these bulk packages. I highly recommend these."
"These came on time, which I was thankful for since I was in a pinch, but the colors didn't match anywhere close to their color wheel. I'm pretty sure it's because of the frosting recipe I chose it didn't dye very well. Also, it takes a lot of color so not sure how long this spendy product will last, but over all I'm happy with a safer choice for my family, even if colors aren't what we expected. Will purchase again!"
"This is one of the best Earl Grey teas on sale in the U.S., but all too often supermarkets don't even carry it, and when they do they tend to price it rather high. I placed a recurring order for 3 boxes per month and get it cheaper than I ever would in a store owing to the discount applied for multiple purchases (and no postage costs). The parcel arrives promptly each month and the process is trouble free. I'd recommend it to any tea connoisseur."
"I bought this product because I thought it might make a good backpacking food and not because it is low in fat/calories. I really wanted to like this product but, I do not like the taste or the fact that there is added sugar. A lot of people seem to like the taste though so, I am not unhappy I gave it a try. I will keep it and try using it as a flavoring in cooking."
"We have these at work. the owner's wife gets them at WalMart (I think) and brings them in for us. I like them. I don't know what product the people who are dissing it are trying. It is not apple cider, but it is as close are you are going to get in a sugar free product. I can't drink real apple cider because I am on a low carb diet and apple cider is basically just liquid sugar, so is completely inappropriate for me."
"I have three cats, and even the chow-hound (the one who will eat anything, even, frequently, the inedible) will not touch this stuff. The same is true for the only other flavor in the Newman's Own Organics line we've tried (<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001397WV2"">Newman's OwnOrganics Turkey & Vegetable Formula For Cats, 3-Ounce Tins (Pack of 24)</a>). I'd like to donate the rest to an animal shelter, but I wish I knew why my own cats find it so offensive!"
"This raspberry tea from Ahmad's of England, makes an acceptable cup of tea. However, the flavoring was a bit weak for my taste. A couple of reviewers referenced the raspberry flavor as strong and/or tart, whilst I found it to be neither. I would call this a medium-bodied black tea, with a rather light, red raspberry flavor. Fortunately, I found that a bit of sugar really helped to enhance the flavor. No adverse aftertastes were detected. It's four o'clock somewhere...tea time, anyone?"
"This is the first time I have tried an organic maple syrup. Being a Grade A Dark Amber already promised great taste, but being organic added to the expectations. The product has surpassed what I expected, with the warm, mellow taste that reminds me of northern woods, campfires, and the tingle of frost in the air. After being raised on the authentic flavor of real maple syrup, artificial syrups are a big disappointment; this product enlivened the taste of my Saturday morning pancakes."
"Having tried Miracle Noodles previously, I knew what to expect when I opened the package (horrible smell which dissipates with vigorous rinsing; Klingon-looking food-substance floating in clear liquid). However, the ""noodle"" varieties look and behave like noodles once you have prepared them. The ""rice"" resembles tapioca in shape and texture. It still absorbs the flavor of whatever sauce is applied to it, but in no way shape or form did it feel like rice when I was eating it."
"I purchased this product from Amazon on a regular basis. My husband and yes, my dog love them as do i. THis past case i ordered however came with an expiration date of a month out. This is my only complaint with this product..if you order a case it should have a longer expiration date than one month out. They are usually very fresh and come delivered in good condition and the price is good as well."
"Being a root beer lover I was excited to see Sky Blue Free at my local Earth Fare market. I mean, you can't go wrong with a natural soda, right? Wrong! Like the the other one-star reviewer, I thought it was bitter, had a chemical smell and ended with a horrible after taste. I've had good diet root beer and bad and this ranks as miles below the absolute worst. I'll stick with Diet Barq's, which is far cheaper and frankly is the best rootbeer, period!"
"The first time I tried this, it was not quite chilled enough. Tasted bland with grassy, musty tones and almost a turpentine finish. Chilled properly, it is a bit better. More acid crispiness comes through and light fruity flavors are added. But I found it shows best against lightly sweet foods: fresh blueberries, salads with acidic, lightly sweet dressings, etc. Other pairings were not as good: most fail to bring much notable flavor. I got my money's worth, but not much more."
"One of the best tasting coconut water! It have a very sweet taste to it. The other coconut water brands (Vita CoCo / O.N.E / Zico) had a sour taste to it, well at least from Amazon.com. I notice when you purchase the coconut water from gas stations / Walgreens, they don't really have that sour taste to it. The glass bottle version of this is way better/fresher than the can version, spend a few bucks more to get the glass version its worth it."
"Two households and 7 cats later, I still have an almost full bag of this stuff. I put it out because I ran out of their regular food, and couldn't make it to the store right away. My 4 cats, despite not having eaten in almost a whole day, won't go near this stuff. It just sits in their bowl. When I first brought it into the house, they tried it, but haven't eaten it since. I would not recommend it, despite the good ingredients"
"I have two dogs, 22 pounds and 45 pounds. Got the large size which is supposed to be for 50-100 lbs. My dogs love these things. I mean within a few short minutes they are gone. I thought they would be a little more of a challenge. I guess the big question is are they in my dogs mouth long enough to actually do any teeth cleaning? Or are they just a delicious treat for my dogs to enjoy?"
"Exactly like the name says, this is a medium roast coffee. I ordered this because of a great price, but I only ordered one as I wasn't sure how it would taste. We just brewed some up in our Keurig, and it is fresh and rich. Very good taste for those who like a medium roast. One of the best coffees I've tasted so far and it's a bonus that this is fair trade (two thumbs up) and organic (two thumbs up). Recommended."
"My cat loves this food, but this particular flavor, beef and salmon, is a bit strong when it comes to the smell. I had to wash my hands more than once to get the smell entirely off. Now the problem is that my cat reeks of fish, she smells like a walking tuna sandwich. If you're okay with that, by all means get it, but I'm going to avoid this one in the future because I can't stand her smelling like this all the time."
"I wanted to love these because calorie-free pasta sounds amazing, but they are just too weird and gross. I didn't mind the fishy smell because it rinses right away and I expected them to have no flavor because they are supposed to absorb whatever sauce. I put a yummy spicy peanut sauce on them, but the texture just sucks. It's like rubber. The clear noodles look exactly like raw squid and the texture is slimy. Yuck. I dumped them out in the trash."
"Taste kinda wierd, don't know why, it smells kinda fishy.... Meanwhile I was playing Black Ops zoombies and Kennedy said ""I've been in the navy for years and have never taste something that fishy.."" and that makes me think he's talking about this LOL...this noodle smells really fishy. So after the first pack.. for the rest of the 23 packs, I just throw the seasonings into the trash can and cook the noodle with my own seasoning."
"Normally I assume that any bath product, other than epsom salt, which claims to be soothing and relaxing is just going to smell good and not be useful. The mustard bath exceeded my expecations. I tried it the day after a night of drinking, and after 15 minutes I had the urge to get out of the tub immediately and lie down. Took a 2 hour nap, and felt totally refreshed afterward. Definitely good for detox!"
"I would buy this product again. The sauce is so flavorful, I don't season it. There aren't many products that I don't have to add a lot of seasoning to, especially in a can. These are handy to have around as a snack or a meal. I am adding this sentence because I am disappointed with the number of dented cans in the case. I just pulled out one that is dented on the top, and I think I'll have difficulty getting it open. Drat."
